第1章 书生孟浩 赵国是一个小国，如这南赡大地的其他小国一样，向往东土，向往大唐，向往长安，这是国主的倾慕，也是赵国文生的理想，一如都城内的唐楼，与皇宫齐高，似可以遥望千山万水外的东土长安。 ; Chapter 1: Scholar Meng Hao The State of Zhao was a very small nation. Like other small nations in the Nanshan Continent, its people admired the Great Tang  in the Eastern Lands, and they admired Chang’an. Not only did the king carry this admiration, all scholars in the State of Zhao did.
四月的季节，说不出冷，也自然没有难熬的热，轻微的风抚过大地，掠过了北漠羌笛，吹过了东土大唐，掀起一些尘土如雾，在黄昏的夕阳下，转了个弯儿，卷在南域边缘赵国的大青山，落在了此刻于这青山顶端，坐在那里的一个文生少年身上。 ; They could see it, almost as if they stood atop the Tower of Tang in the capital city, oh so far away.This April was neither extremely cold, nor scorching hot. Light winds caressed the land, passing the Qiang Di flutes of the Northern Desert, blowing over the lands of the Great Tang. Under the twilight sky, it lifted the fog-like dust, then swirling, twisting, reached Mount Daqing in the State of Zhao. Then it fell onto a young man who sat there on the mountaintop.He was a lean young man, holding a bottle gourd and wearing a clean blue scholar’s robe.
少年有些瘦弱，手中拿着一个葫芦，穿着一身干净的蓝色文士长衫，看起来约莫十六七岁的样子，个字不高，皮肤有些黑，但清澈的双眼带着一抹聪颖，只是此刻皱起的眉头，使得聪颖内敛，神色中多了一抹茫然。 ; He appeared to be about sixteen or seventeen. He was not tall, and his skin was somewhat dark, but his bright eyes sparkled with intelligence. And yet, all his intelligence seemed to be hidden by the frown on his face. He seemed lost.
又落榜了 ; Failed again
少年叹了口气，他叫孟浩，是这大青山下云杰县一个普通书生，早年双亲突然失踪，留下家财本就不殷，这几年读书不菲，到了如今已贫贫如洗。 ; He sighed. His name was Meng Hao, an average student from Yunjie County, which lay at the foot of the mountain. Years ago, his parents went missing, and did not leave much behind in the way of assets.Education was expensive, so he was almost completely broke.
考了三年，这三年来整日看那些贤者书籍，已看的几欲作呕，莫非科举真的不是我孟浩未来的路？ ; I’ve taken the Imperial exams three years in a row. In all that time, I read books written by the sages until I wanted to throw up. Maybe that isn’t the path for me after all.
孟浩自嘲，低头看了一眼手中的葫芦，神色有些黯淡。 ; Filled with self-deprecation, he looked down at the gourd bottle, his eyes bleak.
当官发财做个有钱人的理想已经越来越远，更不用说有钱之后去东土大唐百无一用是书生。 ; My dream of becoming an official and getting rich just keeps getting farther and farther away. I might as well for get about trying to reach the Great Tang How useless to be a student.
孟浩苦笑，坐在这安静的山顶，看着手中的葫芦，神色的茫然越来越深，那茫然里带着对未来的恐惧，对自己人生的迷茫，不知晓自己以后能做些什么，也不知晓未来的路在哪里。 ; He laughed bitterly. Sitting there on the silent mountaintop, gazing at the bottle gourd in his hand, he looked increasingly lost. He began to feel fear. What would he do in the future?
会不会有个贵人看好了自己，是否还有个深闺小姐突然中意自己，又或者若干年后，自己还在不断的科举。 ; Where would he go?Perhaps a high-ranking official would take an interest in him, or a beautiful young maiden. Or would he continue to take the exams, year after year?There were no answers to the questions.
这些问题没有答案，对一个十六七岁的少年来说，这样的迷茫，仿佛化作了一张噬人的大口，将他无形的吞噬，让他有些害怕。 ; He was but a teenager, and this feeling of being lost had devoured him like a giant invisible mouth. He truly felt afraid.
哪怕是县城里的教习先生，每月也只有几钱银子，甚至不如王伯的木匠铺子赚钱，早知如此头些年不去读书，和王老伯去学木匠手艺，想来日后总算能解决温饱，好过如今一无所有。 ; Even the teachers in town can only make a few pieces of silver. That’s worse than Uncle Wang’s carpenter shop. If I’d realized that earlier, I could have learned some carpentry skills from him. At least then I would not be starving like I am now.
孟浩沉默。 ; He grew silent for a while.
家里已经没有多少粮食了，银两也都花的所剩无几，还欠了周员外三两银子，以后怎么办。 ; I don’thave much food or money left at home. I owe Steward Zhou three pieces of silver. What am I going to do?
孟浩抬起头，看着天空，喃喃低语，天空很蓝，很大，遥远看不到尽头，仿佛如他看不到未来。 ; He raised his head and looked up at the sky, blue and grand. It was so large you could not see its ends.
许久之后，孟浩摇了摇头，从怀里取出一张纸条，认真的看了看，将纸条放进了葫芦里，站起身用力将葫芦扔下青山。 ; Much similar to how he could not see his future.After a while, Meng Hao shook his head and took out a slip of paper from his robe.
青山下有一条大河，河水寒冬不冻，传说通往东土大唐。 ; He read it carefully, placed it in the gourd bottle, then stood up and threw the gourd down the mountain.At the bottom of the mountain was a wide river which never froze during the winter, and was said to flow all the way to the Great Tang.Meng Hao stood on top of the mountain, watching the gourd bottle drift further and further along down the river.
山顶的孟浩，默默的看着山下大河中渐渐飘远的葫芦，没有眨眼，仿佛看到了自己的娘亲，看到了儿时的欢乐，那葫芦里带着他的理想，带着他对未来波澜壮阔的憧憬，越飘越远，不知未来的某日，会有谁捡到这个葫芦，看到里面的纸条。 ; He stared unblinking. For a moment, he seemed to have glimpsed his mother, and the happiness of his childhood. The gourd carried his dreams, his wishes, and his hopes for the future.
直至过去了数十息的时间，孟浩才收回了目光，将神色中的茫然隐藏起来，深深的呼吸了一口山顶的气息，目中露出坚定。 ; Perhaps one day someone would pick it up, open it, and read the note.
不管如何，读书也好，做工也罢，总要生活下去。 ; Regardless of what I do, be it study or work, I will keep living.
孟浩的性格本就这样，聪颖中带着坚强，若非如此，早年双亲外出后他也不可能一个人独自活到现在。 ; This was his personality: intelligent and determined. If he wasn’t this way, he would not have been able to survive after his parents left.He raised his head toward the sky, the stubborn look in his eyes growing deeper.
孟浩抬头看了一眼天空，目中坚定之意更深，就要向山下走去。 ; He was about to head down the mountain.At that exact moment, he heard a weak voice coming from a nearby cliff.
就在这时，忽然从那山崖下传来了微弱的声音，那声音似要被风吹散，落入孟浩耳中时微弱仿佛难以察觉。 ; The sound seemed to be borne along by the wind. As it passed Meng Hao’s ears, it was almost too faint to notice.
救命救命 ; Help help
孟浩脚步一顿，怔了一下后仔细又听了听，那救命之声此刻随着他的专注也清晰了一些。 ; Meng Hao stopped for a moment, shocked, then listened carefully. As he concentrated, the sound of the voice calling for help grew stronger.
救命 ; Help
孟浩快走几步，到了山顶的边缘，向下看时，立刻看到在这峭壁的半山腰上，似乎存在了一处裂缝，有人从那里探出半个身子，面色苍白带着惊恐绝望，正在呼喊。 ; He walked a few steps forward until he had nearly reached the edge of the peak. When he peered over the edge, he saw a person, his body sticking out of a crevice halfway down the cliff. Pale face full of fear and desperation, he cried for help.
你可是孟浩，救命，孟才子救我。 ; You you’re Meng Hao, right? Help, Scholar Meng! Help me!
从半山腰探出身子的也是一个少年，他一眼就看到了孟浩，神色立刻露出惊喜，仿佛绝处将要逢生。 ; It was a teenager. As soon as he saw Meng Hao, he expressed surprise and happiness, having suddenly found hope in a desperate situation.
王有材？ ; Wang Youcai?
孟浩睁大了眼，看着半山腰那里的少年，此人他认识，正是县城木匠铺王伯的儿子。 ; Meng Hao’s eyes grew wide as he looked at the young man. He was the son of Uncle Wang, who owned the carpentry shop in town.
你你怎么跑这里来了？ ; How did you end up here?
孟浩看了一眼下方的山腰裂缝，那里极为陡峭，根本就无法让人攀爬下去，稍微一个不注意必定坠落山下大河中。 ; Meng Hao looked at the crevice. The cliff itself was quite steep, and it seemed impossible to climb down.
尤其是河水湍急，一旦落入水中九死一生。 ; The slightest carelessness would send the climber falling into the river.Considering how fast the river flowed, if you fell in, the chances of dying were about ninety percent.
不止是我，还有附近县其他几人，我们都在这里，孟兄先别说了，快救我们出去。 ; It’snot just me, there are other people from nearby towns, Wang Youcai gushed. We’re all stuck here. Brother Meng, let’snot chat, please, just help us get out.
王有材急忙开口，许是在那里探身子时间长了，话语说完时一手抓空，若不是被身后同伴抓住衣衫，险些滑落，吓的王有材面色更为苍白起来。 ; Perhaps he had been hanging out of the crack for too long. His hands grasped at the air, and if not for his compatriots, who grabbed him by the shirt, he would have slipped and fell down the cliff.
孟浩看到了险急，但他独自上山，没有绳索想要救人根本就没有办法，此刻回头看了一眼漫山遍野的藤条，双眼一亮立刻开始寻找起来。 ; His face turned pale with fear.Meng Hao realized the danger. But he had climbed the mountain alone today, and had no rope. How could he save anyone?
他身子本就瘦弱，用了两柱香的时间，这才找到足够长的藤条，喘着粗气连忙卷着藤条回到山崖边，一边喊着下方王有材的名字，一边弯腰将藤条顺下山崖。 ; At that moment, he turned and realized that the mountainside was covered with rattan vines.As frail as he was, it took him two hours to find a rattan vine that was long enough. Breathing heavily, he dragged the rattan to the cliff. Calling out Wang’s name, he bent over and lowered the rattan down the cliff.
你还没说，你们到底怎么下去的？ ; You still haven’t told me how you got down there,
孟浩顺着藤条问道。 ; Meng Hao said as he lowered the vine.
飞 ; By flying!
说出这个字的不是王有材，而是他旁边探出身子的一个岁少年，这少年虎头虎脑，大声开口。 ; It was not Wang Youcai who spoke the words, but another young man who stuck his body out of the crevice next to him. This boy looked feisty and intelligent, and spoke with a loud voice.
扯淡，飞什么飞，你能飞下去，现在怎么不飞上来。 ; Bullshit! You can fly?
孟浩嘲讽，索性把藤条向上拽了一些。 ; mocked Meng Hao, pulling the rattan vine back up a bit.
别听他胡说，我们是被一个会飞的女人抓过来的，说是要带我们去什么宗做杂役。 ; If you can fly down here, then why don’t you fly back up?
王有材连忙开口，生怕招惹了孟浩收回藤条。 ; Don’t listen to his nonsense, said Wang Youcai, clearly worried that Meng Hao would not lower the rattan vine back down. We were captured by a flying woman. She said she’s going to take us to some Sect to be servants.
又扯淡了，会飞？ ; More bullshit?
那是传说中的仙人，谁信啊。 ; said Meng Hao dismissively. Only Immortals from legends can do that. Who believes in that?
孟浩不屑一顾，暗道自己看过的书籍里，有不少遇到了仙人结果成为有钱人的故事，这种事情，只是书本骗人的罢了。 ; In books he had read, there were stories of people who became rich after meeting Immortals, but it was all just lies.Just as the rattan reached the crevice, Wang caught it.
眼看那藤条已经到了山崖的裂缝处，被王有材一把抓住，可突然的，孟浩觉得身后阴风阵阵，仿佛四周的温度一下子回到了冬季，让他身子哆嗦，下意识的回头时，立刻惊呼一下，整个人险些踏空落下山崖。 ; But then, Meng Hao suddenly felt a cold wind behind his back. From the temperature around him, it seemed winter had returned. He shivered.
一个面色苍白，看不出年纪的女子，穿着一身银色长袍，站在那里面无表情的望着孟浩，这女子样貌极美，只是那煞白的面孔，阴寒的气息，却是有种刚刚从坟墓里爬出之感。 ; He slowly turned to look back, then screamed and stepped forward into emptiness, beginning to fall off the cliff.He had seen a woman in a long silver robe and pale face, standing there staring at him. It was impossible to tell her age. She was extremely beautiful, but radiated a coldness that made one feel as if she had just crawled out of a grave.
有些资质，既然自己找来，也算你的造化。 ; Sometimes when you find certain things with certain qualities, it’s just fate.
这声音落在耳中如骨头在摩擦，尤其这女子的双眼睛仿佛蕴含了某种奇异的力量，让孟浩看一眼，立刻全身瞬间一片寒冷，仿佛在这女子面前没有丝毫秘密，被看透了全身。 ; When the voice hit his ears, it felt like bones rubbing together. This woman seemed to possess some sort of strange power, and when Meng Hao looked into her eyes, his whole body felt ice cold, as if she could see through him.As if he could hide nothing from her.
话语还在回荡，那女子大袖一甩，顿时一股绿色的风瞬间卷起孟浩，在孟浩惊呼中，随着那女子竟直奔山崖坠落，这一幕迅雷般让孟浩大脑一片空白。 ; Her words still floating through the air, she shook her wide sleeve, and suddenly, a gust of greenish wind picked up Meng Hao. He flew down the cliff with her.
待到了那裂缝处，这女子抬手一甩，将孟浩直接扔入裂缝内，绿风呼啸间她自己也踏入进去。 ; His mind went blank.When they reached the crevice, the woman waved her hand and threw him inside. As for her, she stopped moving, as did the greenish wind.
她这一进来，顿时吓的王有材三人连连退后。 ; Wang and his three friends scurried backward in fright.The woman stood there, not saying a word.
这女子站在那里没有说话，只是抬头看了一眼上方顺下来的藤条。 ; She raised her head and glanced at the rattan vine.Meng Hao was so nervous he had started shaking.
孟浩身子颤抖，内心紧张，爬起身后快速的看了一眼四周，这裂缝不大，内部很小，站了几人后已没多少空余。 ; He stood up, glancing around quickly. The crevice was not spacious, and was in fact quite narrow.Even with only a few people inside, there was not much room.
当他的目光落在王有材身上时，看到了他身边的两个少年，一个是那虎头虎脑的家伙，另一个则是白白净净身子较胖，这二人此刻都身子颤抖，神色恐惧，似乎快哭了出来。 ; His eyes fell on Wang and the two other young men. One was the clever fellow; the other one was clean and pudgy. The two of them shivered, looking as if they might cry from fear at any moment.
本就缺一个，你和他们一起吧。 ; I was short one person, said the pale-faced woman.
那面色煞白仿佛没有任何情绪的女子，此刻不再去看藤条，而是目光落向孟浩。 ; Now she looked at Meng Hao instead of the rattan. I’ll put you in with them.
你你是谁。 ; Who are you?
孟浩强忍内心的惊恐，他毕竟读过不少书，且性格坚强，尽管恐惧，但却知晓此刻决不能慌乱。 ; asked Meng Hao, concealing his fear. He was an educated person and had a strong personality. Despite being afraid, he controlled himself and did not panic.The woman said nothing.
女子没有说话，右手抬起一挥，绿风再次出现，呼啸卷起孟浩以及王有材等人，与这女子一同飞出了洞穴，直奔天空而去，刹那不见了踪影，只有这大青山，依旧耸立，在这黄昏里渐渐融到了黑夜中。 ; She raised her right hand and waved, and the green wind appeared again. It lifted up all the young men, and they flew out of the cave together with the woman, shooting up into the sky. They disappeared. Left behind was only Mount Daqing.
孟浩面色苍白，他看到了自己在绿风内，竟横渡天阙，在这天地间疾驰飞行，前方的风呼啸灌入口中，呼吸都觉得困难，可脑海中却是强烈的浮现了一个词语。 ; It stood there, straight and tall, mer ging in the darkness of twilight.The blood drained from Meng Hao’s face. He saw himself within the green wind, crossing the sky. As he flew above the ground, wind blew into his mouth, making it impossible to breathe. A word appeared in his head.
仙人？ ; Immortals?
他坚持了数十息的时间，便难以承受，眼前一黑昏了过去。 ; He held his breath for the amount of time it would normally take to breathe ten times, until he couldn’t hold on any more.
当他睁开眼睛时，已经在了一处半山腰的青石空地上，四周山峦起伏，云雾缭绕绝非凡尘，能看到一些精美的阁楼环绕山峦八方，满眼陌生。 ; Then he passed out.When he opened his eyes, he found that they had landed on a platform paved with green stone, halfway up a mountain. More rolling mountains surrounded them. Clouds and fog drifted about; this was definitely not the mortal world.
他身边王有材以及另外两个少年，此刻都已苏醒过来，正身子颤抖惊恐的望着前方背对着四人的女子。 ; The beautiful peaks of the surrounding mountains looked very strange.Wang and the other young men woke up, scared and shivering.
在这女子的前方，有两个穿着绿色长袍的男子，年纪看起来都是二十许岁，但都是双眼凹陷，瞳孔绿油油的，让人望之生畏。 ; They stared at the back of the woman.Standing in front of her were two Cultivators wearing long green robes. They appeared to be in their twenties. They had sunken eyes with fear - inspiring green pupils.
许师姐好手段，出门一次竟带回了四个拥有资质的小娃。 两个男子中的一人，带着恭维向着那女子说道。 ; Excellent work, Elder Sister Xu, said one of the men, his voice flattering. You found four talented young babies.
将他们带去杂役处。 ; Take them to the Servants’ Quarter, said the woman, her face cold, not even looking at Meng Hao and the others.
那女子神情冷漠，看都不看孟浩四人一眼，迈步间整个人化作了一道长虹，没入山峦之间消失不见。 ; Suddenly, her entire body transformed. She became a rainbow and then disappeared into the mountains.By this time, Meng Hao had recovered his composure.
此刻的孟浩已恢复了心神，他怔怔的看着那女子消失的地方，目中渐渐竟露出了一抹在他身上十六年来前所未有的神采，这神采让孟浩的内心，一下子沸腾了。 ; He stared, numb, at the place where the woman had disappeared. An expression appeared on his face which had not appeared there for sixteen years. His blood boiled.
杂役？ ; Servants?
这是要给仙人打工，应该不少赚吧。 ; he thought. If the work is for Immortals, the pay must be good.
孟浩期待起来，因为他看出来了，这里的人不是要害命。 ; Now that he knew the people did not want to kill them, he took a step forward.
许师姐已经到了凝气第七层，被掌教赐了风幡，没到筑基便可飞行，让人羡慕。 另一个绿袍修士，感慨的说道，随后神色带着高高在上之意，看向孟浩四人。 ; Sister Xu has reached the seventh level of Qi Condensation, lamented the second of the Cultivators. The Sect Priest bestowed a Wind Pennant upon her, which means even though she isn’tat the Foundation Establishment stage, she can still fly.
你，还有你，跟我走，去南区杂役处。 ; He looked arrogantly down at Meng Hao and the others.
话语间，此人指了指王有材和其旁虎头虎脑的少年。 ; You and you, he said pointing at Wang and the clever young man. Follow me to the Southern Servants’ Quarters.
这这里是什么地方？ ; What is this place?
被那人一指，王有材身子哆嗦，打着颤音开口。 ; Wang asked, his voice and body both shaking as the Immortal pointed at him.
靠山宗。 ; The Reliance Sect.
