第一章 他叫白小纯
chapter-1

帽儿山，位于东林山脉中，山下有一个村子，民风淳朴，以耕田为生，与世隔绝。
Mount Hood lay in the Eastwood Mountain Range, and at its base was a quaint little village. The villagers there lived off the land, and didn’t have much to do w ith the outside world.

清晨，村庄的大门前，整个村子里的乡亲，正为一个十五六岁少年送别，这少年瘦弱，但却白白净净，看起来很是乖巧，衣着尽管是寻常的青衫，可却洗的泛白，穿在这少年的身上，与他目中的纯净搭配在一起，透出一股子灵动。
Currently it was dawn, and the villagers were congregated at the village gate to see off a young man of fifteen or sixteen years of age. He seemed thin and weak, but had a healthy, fair complexion, and an overall charming appearance. He wore an ordinary green robe that had apparently been washed so many times it was nearly worn through. Something about the way he was dressed, plus the innocent look in his eyes, made him seem exceptionally quick-witted.

他叫白小纯。
His name was Bai Xiaochun.

“父老乡亲们，我要去修仙了，可我舍不得你们啊。”
“Dear elders and fellow villagers,” he said, “I am on my way to learn about immortal cultivation. I shall miss all of you!”

少年满脸不舍，原本就乖巧的样子，此刻看起来更为纯朴。
The young man wore a slightly pained expression, as if he couldn’t bear to part with his fellow villagers. This made him look even more charming than before.

四周的乡亲，面面相觑，顿时摆出难舍之色。
The surrounding villagers exchanged glances, shrugged helplessly, and then pretended to look even more reluctant to see him leave.

“小纯，你爹娘走的早，你是个 好孩子！
A white-haired old man stepped out of the crowd and said, “Xiaochun, ever since your dad and mom left us, oh so long ago, you you have been, er” he paused for a moment “such a good kid!” Seeing that Bai Xiaochun hadn’t left yet, he continued, “Don’t tell me you’re not interested in living forever?

难道你不想长生了么，成为仙人就可以长生，能活的很久很久，走吧，雏鹰长大，总有飞出去的那一天。”
All you have to do is become an immortal, and then you can live forever! That’s a really, really long time! Well, it’s time for you to leave now. Even a baby eagle must learn to fly eventually.

人群内走出一个头发花白的老者，说道好孩子三个字时，他顿了一下。


“在外面遇到任何事情，都要坚持下去，走出村子，就不要回来，因为你的路在前方！”
No matter what situations you run into out there, you have to hang in there and keep moving forward. Once you leave the village, you can't come back, because your path will always lie ahead, not behind!”

老人神色慈祥，拍了拍少年的肩膀。
The old man patted Bai Xiaochun kindly on the shoulder.

“长生 ”白小纯身体一震，目中慢慢坚定起来，在老者以及四周乡亲鼓励的目光下，他重重的点了点头，深深的看了一眼四周的乡亲，转身迈着大步，渐渐走出了村子。
“Live forever” Bai Xiaochun murmured. A tremor ran through him, and a look of determination slowly filled his eyes. Under the encouraging gazes of the old man and the other villagers, he his head seriously and looked around at everyone one last time. Finally, he turned and walked away from the village.

眼看少年的身影远去，村中的众人，一个个都激动起来，目中的难舍刹那就被喜悦代替，那之前满脸慈祥的老者，此刻也在颤抖，眼中流下泪水。
As he disappeared off into the distance, the villagers started to look more and more excited. Their forlorn expressions turned to those of joy, and the kind-faced old man began to tremble. Tears even streamed dow n his face. The village was soon echoing with cries of rejoicing.

“苍天有眼，这白鼠狼，他终于 终于走了，是谁告诉他在附近看到仙人的，你为村子立下了大功！”
Some people even took out gongs and drums and began banging them excitedly.

“这白鼠狼终于肯离开了，可怜我家的几只鸡，就因为这白鼠狼怕鸡打鸣，不知用了什么方法，唆使一群孩子吃鸡肉，把全村的鸡都给吃的干干净净 ”
“The weasel is gone,” someone said, “but oh, my poor chickens. He hated the roosters crowing at dawn, so he somehow got all the kids in the village to eat every chicken we had”

“今天过年了！”
“Today is the beginning of a new era!”

欢呼之声，立刻在这不大的村子里，沸腾而起，甚至有人拿出了锣鼓，高兴的敲打起来。 村子外，白小纯还没等走远，他就听到了身后村子内，传出了敲锣打鼓的声音，还夹着欢呼。
By this point, Bai Xiaochun was still fairly close to the village, and could actually hear the sounds of the gongs and drums. He even caught wind of some of the cries of excitement.

白小纯脚步一顿，神色有些古怪，干咳一声，伴随着耳边传来的锣鼓，白小纯顺着山路，走上了帽儿山。
He stopped in his tracks, a strange expression on his face. After a moment, he cleared his throat and proceeded on his way. Accompanied by the faint sounds of rejoicing, he began to make his way toward Mount Hood.

这帽儿山虽不高，却灌木杂多，虽是清晨，可看起来也是黑压压一片，很是安静。
Mount Hood wasn’t a very tall mountain, but it was covered with thick vegetation. Therefore, despite the fact that it was dawn, beneath the trees, it was dark and quiet.

“听二狗说，他前几天在这里被一头野猪追赶时，看到天上有仙人飞过 ”白小纯走在山路上，心脏怦怦跳动时，忽然一旁的灌林中传来阵阵哗哗声，似野猪一样，这声音来的突然，让本就紧张的白小纯，顿时背后发凉。
“Double-Dog told me that he was hunting some wild pigs a few days ago and saw an immortal flying around” Bai Xiaochun proceeded along, heart thumping. Suddenly, a rustling sound could be heard from some nearby shrubs. It almost sounded like a wild pig, and it immediately caused Bai Xiaochun to grow extremely nervous.


The hair on the back of his neck stood up straight as he asked, “Who is it?

“谁，谁在那里！”
Who’s there?”

白小纯右手快速从行囊中拿出四把斧头，六把柴刀，还觉得不放心，又从怀里取出了一小根黑色的香，死死的抓住。
He quickly pulled four axes and six machetes out of his travel pack, but that in and of itself didn't make him feel much safer, so he also produced a bit of black incense from within his robe, which he clutched tightly in his left hand.

“别出来，千万别出来，我有斧头，有柴刀，手里的香还可以召唤天雷，能引仙人降临，你敢出来，就霹死你！”
“Don’t come out!” he shouted, trembling. “Don’t even think about coming out! I've got axes and machetes, and this incense can call lightning from the heavens, and even summon immortals! If you dare to show your face, you're dead!”

白小纯哆嗦的大喊，连滚带爬的夹着那些武器，赶紧顺着山路跑去，沿途叮当乱响，斧头柴刀掉了一地。
Finally, he turned and ran toward the mountain path, simultaneously juggling all of the various weapons in his hands. Clanking sounds could eventually be heard as axes and machetes began to fall to the ground left and right.


Perhaps whatever it was that had been rustling around in the shrubbery really did end up getting frightened by him.


The sounds ceased, and no wild animal burst out of the bushes.


Bai Xiaochun hurried toward the mountain, wiping the sweat from his brow.

或许是真的被他给吓住了，很快的哗哗声就消失，没有什么野兽跑出来，白小纯面色苍白，擦了擦冷汗，有心放弃继续上山，可一想到手中这根香是他爹娘去世前留给他的，据说是祖上曾偶然的救下一个落魄的仙人，那仙人离去时留下这根香作为报答，曾言会收下白家血脉一人为弟子，只要点燃，仙人就会到来。
By this point, his face was pale, and he was almost considering giving up this crazy idea of climbing the mountain, but then he thought about the incense stick, which his parents had handed down to him before they died. Suppos edly, it had been passed down from their ancestors, a gift bestowed by a down-and-out immortal they had saved. Before departing, the immortal had given it to them to pay back the kindness they had shown. Furthermore, the immortal had even promised to take a member of the


Bai Clan as a disciple.


He told them that merely burning the incense stick would summon him to their side.

可至今为止，这根香他点过十多次，始终不见仙人到来，让白小纯开始怀疑仙人是不是真的会来，这一次之所以下定决心，一方面是香所剩不多，另一方面是他听村子里人说，头几天在这看到有仙人从天上飞过。
Bai Xiaochun had actually lit the incense stick more than ten times in the past few years, and yet, no immortal had ever shown up. It had eventually reached the point that Bai Xiaochun was starting to suspect whether or not the story about the immortal was even true. Finally, he’d resolved to climb the mountain. For one thing, the incense stick was almost used up, and also, there was the matter of the flying immortal being sighted recently.


And that was how he ended up in his current situation.

所以他这才到来，想着距离仙人近一些，或许仙人就察觉到了也说不定。
His theory was that if he could get a bit closer to the immortal, then perhaps it would be easier for that immortal to sense the incense stick.

踌躇一番，白小纯咬牙继续，好在此山不高，不久他气喘吁吁的到了山顶，站在那里，他遥望山下的村庄，神色颇为感慨，又低头看着手中的只有指甲盖大小的黑香，此香似乎被燃烧了好多次，所剩不多。
Standing in front of the mountain, he hesitated for a moment, then gritted his teeth and decided to keep going. Thankfully, the mountain wasn’t very high, and it didn't take long to reach the peak, where he stopped, panting. He looked at the village down below, and an emotional expression appeared on his face. Then he glanced at the finger-nail sized bit of black incense.


It had clearly been burned on numerous occasions, and was almost completely used up.

“三年了，爹娘保佑我，这次一定要成功！”
“It’s been three years. Bless me, mom and dad. It has to work this time!” Bai

白小纯深吸口气，小心的将香点燃，立刻四周狂风顿起，天空更是眨眼间乌云密布，一道道闪电划过，还有震耳欲聋的雷鸣在白小纯耳边直接炸开。
Xiaochun took a deep breath, and then carefully lit the incense. A stiff breeze instantly kicked up, and in the blink of an eye, dark clouds filled the sky. Lightning crackled, and deafening thunder boom ed in his ears.

声音之大，气势之强，让白小纯身体哆嗦，有种随时会被雷霹死的感觉，下意识的就想要吐口唾沫将那根香灭掉，但却挣扎忍住。
The majesty of the entire scene caused Bai Xiaochun to tremble, fearful that he might be killed by the lightning. He very nearly spit on the incense to extinguish it, but managed to hold back.


“I've lit this incense twelve times in the past three years, and this is the thirteenth time.


I have to let it burn!

“三年了，我点这根香点了十二次，这是第十三次，这次一定要忍住，小纯不怕，应该不会被劈死 ”白小纯想起了这三年的经历，不算这次，点了十二次，每次都是这样的雷鸣闪电，仙人也没有到来，吓的本就怕死的他每次都吐口唾沫将其熄灭，说来也怪，这根香看似不凡，可实际上一样是浇水就灭。
Come on, Xiaochun! The lightning won’t kill you. At least probably not” All twelve times that he had lit the incense in the past, there had been lightning and thunder, and yet no immortal had ever appeared. Each time, he had gotten so scared that he spit on the incense to put it out.

在白小纯这里心惊肉跳，艰难的于那雷声中等待时，距离这里不远处的天空上，有一道长虹正急速的呼啸而来。
He actually found it a bit strange that a suppos edly immortal stick of incense could be extinguished with some ordinary saliva. Bai Xiaochun sat there shaking in fear as the thunder boom ed around him. Suddenly, a streak of light appeared in the air off in the distance.

长虹内是一个中年男子，这男子衣着华丽，仙风道骨，可偏偏风尘仆仆，甚至仔细去看，可以看到他神色内深深的疲惫。
It was a middle-aged man wearing luxurious clothing. He had the demeanor of a transcendent being, yet he looked weary and travel-worn. In fact, if you looked closely, his eyes seemed to flicker with extreme exhaustion.

“我倒要看看，到底是个什么样的人，竟然点根香点了三年！”
“Finally I can see exactly what moron has been lighting that incense stick all the time for the past three years!”

一想到自己这三年的经历，中年男子就气恼，三年前他察觉有人点燃自己还是凝气时送出的香药，想起了当年在凡俗中的一段人情。
Every time the man thought about what he had experienced during the past few years, he got extremely annoyed. Three years ago, he had sensed the medicinal aura of an incense stick he had given away back when he was in the Qi Condensation stage.


That immediately caused him to recall the debt he owed back in the mortal world.

这才飞出寻来，原本按照他的打算，很快就会回来，可没成想，刚寻着香气过去，还没等多远，那气息就瞬间消失，断了联系。
The first time he flew out in response to the incense stick being lit, he had assumed it would be a simple matter of heading out and then immediately returning. He had never imagined that before even being able to find the incense, its aura would suddenly vanish, severing his connection to it. If it had happened only once, it wouldn’t have been a big deal.

若是一次也就罢了，这三年，气息出现了十多次。
However, over the course of three years, the aura had appeared more than ten times.

使得他这里，多次在寻找时中断，就这样来来回回，折腾了三年
Over and over again his search was interrupted, ensuring that he was constantly leaving his sect and then going back.

此刻他遥遥的看到了帽儿山，看到了山顶上白小纯，气不打一处来，一瞬飞出，直接就站在了山顶，大手一挥，那根所剩不多的香，直接熄灭。
Back and forth, back and forth. It was torment. As he closed in on Mount Hood, he caught sight of Bai Xiaochun. Fuming with numerous frustrations, the man landed on the mountain top and waved his hand, instantly extinguishing the sputtering incense stick.

雷声刹那消失，白小纯愣了一下，抬头一看，看到了自己的身边多了一个中年男子。
The thunder ceased, and Bai Xiaochun stared at the man in shock.

“仙人？”
“Are you an immortal?”

白小纯小心翼翼的开口，有些拿不准，背后偷偷捡起一把斧头。
Bai Xiaochun asked cautiously. Still unsure about what exactly was going on, he slipped his hand behind his back and grabbed an axe.

“本座李青候，你是白家后人？” 中年修士目光如电，无视白小纯身后的斧子，打量了白小纯一番，觉得眼前此子眉清目秀，依稀与当年的故人相似，资质也不错，心底的恼意，也不由缓了一些。
Bai Xiaochun blinked a few times. Although he was still a bit scared, he sat up straight and quietly said, “Junior most definitely is from the Bai Clan.

“晚辈正是白家后人，白小纯。”
I'm

白小纯眨了眨眼，小声说道，虽然心中有些畏惧，但还是挺了挺腰板。
Bai Xiaochun.” “Alright, well tell me this,” Li Qinghou said, his voice cool.

“我问你，点一根香，为什么点了三年！”
“Why did you light that incense so many times over the past three years?”

中年修士淡淡开口，问出了他这三年里，最想要知道的问题。 白小纯听到这个问题，脑筋飞速转动，然后脸上摆出惆怅，遥望山下的村庄。
He very much wanted to know the answer to this question. As soon as Bai Xiaochun heard the question, his mind spun as he tried to come up with a good answer. Finally, a melancholic expression appeared on his face, and he looked down toward the village at the bottom of the mountain.

“晚辈是一个重情重义的人，舍不得那些乡亲们，每一次我点燃香，他们也都不舍得我离去，如今山下的他们，还在因为我的离去而悲伤呢。”
“Junior is a sentimental and righteous person,” he said. “I simply couldn’t bear to part with my fellow villagers. Every time I lit the incense, I was overwhelmed with feelings of sorrow. The mere thought of leaving them behind was far too pa inful.”

中年修士一愣，这个缘由，是他之前没想到的，目中的恼色又少了一些，单单从话语上看，此子的本性还是不错的。
Li Qinghou stared in shock. He had never considered such a possibility, and as such, the anger in his heart faded even more. He could tell from this young man’s words alone that he was definitely good m aterial.

可当他的目光落在山下的村子时，他的神识随之扫过，听到了村子里的敲锣打鼓以及那一句句欢呼白鼠狼离去的话语，面色立刻难看起来，有些头疼，看着眼前这个外表乖巧纯朴，人畜无害的白小纯，已心底明朗对方实际上一肚子坏水。
However, the next thing he did was send his divine sense down toward the village, and he heard the sounds of drums and gongs and rejoicing. He even heard the villagers talking about how glad they were that ‘the weasel’ was gone. An unsightly expression appeared on his face, and he felt a headache coming on. He looked back at the charming and pure Bai Xiaochun, who seemed like he wouldn’t hurt a fly, and suddenly realized that this kid was a villain to the core.

“说实话！”
“Tell me the truth!”

中年修士一瞪眼，声音如同雷声一样，白小纯吓得一个哆嗦。
Li Qinghou said, his voice echoing like thunder. Bai Xiaochun was so frightened that he started shaking.


“Hey, you can’t blame me!”


Bai Xiaochun said, sounding very miserable.

“这不怨我啊，你那什么破香啊，每次点燃都会打雷，好几次都差点霹死我，我躲过了十三次，已经很不容易了。”
“What kind of crappy incense is this anyway? Every time I lit it, lightning would start crashing around everywhere! I almost got killed on several occasions! In fact, avoiding that lightning thirteen times was quite a feat!”

白小纯可怜兮兮的说道。
Li Qinghou looked silently at Bai Xiaochun.

中年修士看着白小纯，半晌无语。


“既然你这么害怕，为什么还要强行去点香十多次？”
“If you were so scared, then why did you light it over ten times?” he asked. “’Cuz I'm scared of dying!”

中年修士缓缓开口。
Bai Xiaochun replied indignantly.

“我怕死啊，修仙不是能长生么，我想长生啊。”
“Isn’t the point of immortal cultivation to be able to live forever? I want to live forever!”

白小纯委屈的说道。
Li Qinghou was once again struck speechless.

中年修士再次无语，不过觉得此子总算执念可嘉，扔到门派里磨炼一番，或可在性子上改变一二。
However, he found the kid’s fascination with living forever laudable, and realized that his personality might change a bit after some hard training in the sect.

于是略一思索，大袖一甩卷着白小纯化作一道长虹，直奔天边而去。
After a moment of thought, he waved his sleeve, sweeping Bai Xiaochun up into a beam of light that shot off into the distance.

“跟我走吧。”
“Alright, come with me,” he said.

“去哪？ 这也太高了吧 ”白小纯看到自己在天上飞，下面是万丈深渊，立刻脸色苍白，斧头一扔，死死的抱住仙人的大腿。
“Where are we going?” asked Bai Xiaochun, suddenly realizing that they were flying. “Ah, we're so high” The ground was very, very far down, causing the blood to drain from his face. He immediately dropped his axe and grabbed onto the Immortal’s leg.

中年修士看了眼自己的腿，无奈开口。
Li Qinghou looked down at him clutching his leg.

“灵溪宗。” 第二章 火灶房
Feeling a bit at a loss, he replied, “The Spirit Stream Sect.”

第二章
chapter-2

灵溪宗，位于东林洲内，属于通天河的下游支脉所在，立足通天河南北两岸，至今已有万年历史，震慑四方。
The Spirit Stream Sect was located in the Eastwood Continent on the lower branch of the Heavenspan River, and was divided between the north and south banks. Its history stretched back countless years, and was very famous in the area.

八座云雾缭绕的惊天山峰，横在通天河上，其中北岸有四座山峰，南岸三座，至于中间的通天河上，赫然有一座最为磅礴的山峰。
Eight enormous cloud-wreathed mountains towered over the Heavenspan River. Four of those mountains were located on the north bank of the river, whereas three were on the south bank. Shockingly, one mountain, the most majestic of them all, rose up from the middle of the river itself.

此山从中段开始就白雪皑皑，竟看不清尽头，只能看到下半部的山体被掏空，使得金色的河水奔腾而过，如同一座山桥。
The entire top half of that mountain was covered with brilliant white snow, and rose up so high that the peak of the mountain wasn’t even visible. The middle of the mountain had been hollowed out, allowing the golden river water to flow right through it, and causing the mountain itself to somewhat resemble a bridge.

此刻，灵溪宗南岸外，一道长虹疾驰而来，其内中年修士李青候带着白小纯，没入第三峰下的杂役区域，隐隐还可听到长虹内白小纯的惨叫传出。
Currently, a beam of light was speeding along near the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect. It was none other than Li Qinghou and Bai Xiaochun. As they raced into the servants’ quarters beneath the third peak, it was just possible to hear Bai Xiaochun shouting out in fear.

白小纯觉得自己要被吓死了，一路飞行，他看到了无数大山，好几次都觉得自己要抓不住对方的大腿。
He was scared to death from all the flying. They had passed over countless mountains, and the entire time, he had felt like he was losing his grip on Li Qinghou’s leg.

眼下面前一花，当清晰时，已到了一处阁楼外，落在了地上后，他双腿颤抖，看着四周与村子里完全不同的世界。
Eventually, everything turned into a blur. When everything finally became clear again, he realized that they had landed just outside of a building. He stood there, legs trembling, looking around at a scene that was very different from what he was used to back at the village.

前方的阁楼旁，竖着一块大石，上面写着龙飞凤舞的三个大字。
Towering up in front of the building was a huge stone, upon which three characters were written in flamboyant calligraphy.

杂役处。
Department of Servant Affairs.

大石旁坐着一个麻脸女子，眼看李青候到来，立刻起身拜见。
Sitting next to the stone was a pock-faced woman. As soon as she caught sight of Li Qinghou, she rose to her feet and clasped hands in greeting.

“将此子送火灶房去。”
“Send this kid to the Ovens,” Li Qinghou said.

李青候留下一句话，没有理会白小纯，转身化作长虹远去。
Without another word, and paying no further heed to Bai Xiaochun, he then transformed into a beam of light that shot off into the distance.

麻脸女子听到火灶房三字后一怔，目光扫了白小纯一眼，给了白小纯一个宗门杂役的布袋，面无表情的交代一番，便带着白小纯走出阁楼，一路庭院林立，阁楼无数，青石铺路，还有花草清香，如同仙境，看的白小纯心驰荡漾，心底的紧张与忐忑也少了几分。
When the pock-faced woman heard him mention the Ovens, she stared in shock. She looked Bai Xiaochun over, then handed him a bag which contained a servant’s uniform and other items. Face expressionless, led him away from the building toward a nearby path, simultaneously explaining some of the basic sect rules and customs. The path was paved with green limestone, and wound through numerous buildings and courtyards.


The fragrant aroma of plants and flowers filled the air, and the entire place seemed like a celestial paradise.


As he looked around, Bai Xiaochun’s heart began to thump with excitement, and his previous nervousness and anxiety began to fade.

“好地方啊，这里可比村子里好多了啊。”
“This place is awesome,” he thought. “It's way better than the village!”

白小纯目中露出期待，随着走去，越是向前，四周的美景就越发的美奂绝伦，甚至他还看到一些样子秀美的女子时而路过，让白小纯对于这里，一下子就喜欢的不得了。
His eyes shone with anticipation as he followed the woman along. The scenery only continued to get more and more spectacular. He even saw some beautiful women along the way, which instantly caused his heart to surge with delight.

片刻后，白小纯更高兴了，尤其是前方尽头，他看到了一处七层的阁楼，通体晶莹剔透，甚至天空还有仙鹤飞过。
Soon, Bai Xiaochun got even more excited. That was because he caught sight of what appeared to be their destination, at the end of the path was a seven- story building that sparkled like crystal. There were even celestial cranes soaring in the air above it.

“师姐，我们到了吧？”
“Are we there yet, Elder Sister?”

白小纯顿时激动的问道。
Bai Xiaochun asked excitedly.

“恩，就在那。” 麻脸女子依旧面无表情，淡淡开口，一指旁侧的小路。
“Yes,” she replied coolly, her face as expressionless as ever. She pointed to a small path off to the side. “That’s where we’re going.”

白小纯顺着对方所指，满怀期待的看去时，整个人僵住，揉了揉眼睛仔细去看，只见那条小路上，地面多处碎裂，四周更是破破烂烂，几件草房似随时可以坍塌，甚至还有一些怪味从那里飘出
Bai Xiaochun looked in the direction she was pointing, heart bursting with anticipation. But then, his entire body went stiff, and he rubbed his eyes. He looked again, a bit more closely, and saw a gravel path lined by haphazardly- constructed thatch-roofed huts that looked like they might disintegrate at any moment. A strange aroma wafted out from the area.

白小纯欲哭无泪，抱着最后一丝希望，问了麻脸女子一句。
Bai Xiaochun wanted to cry, but no tears would come. Still clinging to a scrap of hope, he asked the pock-faced woman another question.

“师姐，你指错了吧 ”
“Elder Sister, did you point in the wrong direction just now?”

“没有。”
“Nope,” she replied coolly, stepping onto the gravel path.

麻脸女子淡淡开口，当先走上这条小路，白小纯听后，觉得一切美好瞬间坍塌，苦着脸跟了过去。
When Bai Xiaochun heard her response, all of the beauty of the place seemed to disappear. A bitter expression appeared on his face as he continued to follow her.

没走多远，他就看到这条破破烂烂的小路尽头，有几口大黑锅窜来窜去，仔细一看，那每一口大黑锅下面，都有一个大胖子，脑满肠肥，似乎一挤都可以流油，不是一般的胖，尤其是里面一个最胖的家伙，跟个肉山似的，白小纯都担心能不能爆了。


那几个胖子的四周，有几百口大锅，这些胖子正在添水放米。
The entire area was filled with hundreds of huge cooking woks, within which fat men were boiling rice.

察觉有人到来，尤其是看到了麻脸女子，那肉山立刻一脸惊喜，拎着大勺，横着就跑了过来，地面都颤了，一身肥膘抖动出无数波澜，白小纯目瞪口呆，下意识的要在身边找斧头。
Sensing that someone had approached, the young men looked up and saw the pock-faced woman. The fattest of the young men, the one who looked like a mountain of flesh, hefted his ladle and hurried over. The ground trembled as he walked, and his fat bounced and jiggled in a way that made Bai Xiaochun stare in shock. Without even thinking about it, he began to feel around for an axe.


“The magpies were singing especially beautiful songs this morning, and now


I know why,” the mountain of flesh cried out as he ran over.


His eyes flickered with a lustful gleam.

“今早小生听到喜鹊在叫，原来是姐姐你来了，莫非姐姐你已回心转意，觉得我有几分才气，趁着今天良辰，要与小生结成道侣。”
“It was all because you were coming, big sis. Could it be that you’ve changed your mind? You finally realized how talented I am, and want to take advantage of this auspicious day to formally become my Daoist partner?”

肉山目中露出色眯眯的光芒，激动的边跑边喊。
The pock-faced woman looked at the mountain of flesh with both disgust and anger.

“我送此子加入你们火灶房，人已带到，告辞！”
“I’m just here to deliver this kid to the Ovens,” she said. “Task accomplished. I’ll take my leave now!”

麻脸女子在看到肉山后，面色极为难看，还有几分恼怒，赶紧后退。
Then she hurried off.

白小纯倒吸口气，那麻脸女子一路上他就留意了，那相貌简直就是鬼斧神工，眼前这大胖子什么口味，居然这样也能一脸色相。
Bai Xiaochun gasped. He had taken the time to check out the woman on their way here, and she really looked like a freak. He couldn’t help but wonder what kind of taste this fat man had. Apparently even someone with a face like hers got him all hot and bot hered.

还没等白小纯想完，那肉山就呼的一声，出现在了他的面前，直接就将阳光遮盖，把白小纯笼罩在了阴影下。
Before Bai Xiaochun could consider the matter any more, the mountain of flesh was suddenly standing in front of him, panting a bit. The young man was so huge that Bai Xiaochun found himself completely covered by his shadow.

白小纯抬头看着面前这庞大无比，身上的肉还在颤动的胖子，努力咽了口唾沫，这么胖的人，他还是头一次看到。
Bai Xiaochun looked up at the enormous young man and his quivering rolls of flesh, and swallowed hard. This was actually his first time ever seeing someone so fat.

肉山满脸幽怨的将目光从远处麻脸女子离去的方向收回，扫了眼白小纯。
The mountain of flesh glanced resentfully at the pock-faced woman, who was making her way back up the gravel path, then looked back at Bai Xiaochun.

“嗬呦，居然来新人了，能把原本安排好的许宝财挤下去，不简单啊。”
“Well well, we have a newcomer. We’d left a spot open for Xu Baocai to join, so this complicates matters.”

“师兄，在下 在下白小纯 ”白小纯觉得对方魁梧的身体，让自己压力太大，下意识的退后几步。
Bai Xiaochun felt nervous just looking at the young man’s enormity, and subconsciously took a few steps back. “Elder Brother, I am your humble er, humble servant Bai Xiaochun”

“白小纯？
“Bai Xiaochun?

恩 皮肤白，小巧玲珑，模样还很清纯，不错不错，你的名字起的很符合我的口味嘛。”
Hmm White skin, slender and dainty. You look pretty innocent. Excellent, excellent. Your name really fits my taste.”

肉山眼睛一亮，拍下了白小纯的肩膀，一下子差点把白小纯直接拍倒。
The mountain of flesh looked him over, then clapped Bai Xiaochun on the shoulder, which very nearly sent Bai Xiaochun flying off to the side.

“不知师兄大名是？”
“Uh, what’s your name, Elder Brother?”

白小纯倒吸口气，翻了个白眼，鄙夷的看了眼肉山，心底琢磨着也拿对方的名字玩一玩。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and looked up thoughtfully as he prepared to make fun of the young man’s name. The mountain of flesh chuckled and slapped his chest, causing the fat to ripple back and forth.

“我叫张大胖，那个是黄二胖，还有黑三胖 ”肉山嘿嘿一笑。
“I'm Big Fatty Zhang. That’s Second Fatty Huang, and that’s Third Fatty Hei”

白小纯听到这几个名字，大感人如其名，立刻没了玩一玩的想法。
As soon as Bai Xiaochun heard these incredibly stirring names, he abandoned any plans to make fun of them.

“至于你，以后就叫白九 小师弟，你太瘦了！
“As for you,” Big Fatty Zhang continued, “from now on, you’ll be Ninth Fatty Bai! Er Wait a second, Junior Brother. You’re way too skinny!

这样出去会丢我们火灶坊的脸啊，不过也没关系，放心好了，最多一年，你也会胖的，以后你就叫白九胖。”
If you go around looking like that, you’ll lose face for the Ovens! Well, I guess that doesn’t matter for now. Don't worry. After a few years, you’ll get fat too.

张大胖一拍胸口，肥肉乱颤。
Then we’ll call you Ninth Fatty Bai.”

听到白九胖这三个字，白小纯脸都挤出苦水了。
When Bai Xiaochun heard the nickname Ninth Fatty Bai, he grimaced.

“既然你已经是九师弟了，那就不是外人了，咱们火灶房向来有背锅的传统，看到我背后这这口锅了吧，它是锅中之王，铁精打造，刻着地火阵法，用这口锅煮出的灵米，味道超出寻常的锅太多太多。
“Well, since you're already our Ninth Junior Brother, you don't count as an outsider any more. Here in the Ovens, we have a long-standing tradition of carrying woks on our backs. See this wok here on my back?” He slapped the wok and continued boastfully “It’s the king of woks, forged from the highest quality iron and engraved with an earthflame spell formation.


When you use this wok to cook up spirit rice, the flavor is far, far better than the rice cooked in any other wok.

你也要去选一口，以后背在身上，那才威风。”
By the way, you’ll have to choose a wok to carry on your back, too. T hen you’ll look really impressive.”

张大胖拍了下背后的大黑锅，吹嘘的开口。
Glancing at Big Fatty Zhang’s wok, and realizing that everyone else in the

“师兄，背锅的事，我能不能算了 ”白小纯瞄了眼张大胖背后的锅，顿时有种火灶房的人，都是背锅的感觉，脑海里想了一下自己背一口大黑锅的样子，连忙说道。
Ovens was similarly adorned, Bai Xiaochun suddenly got an image of himself walking around in such a fashion. “Elder Brother,” he blurted, “is it possible to opt out of the wok-carrying thing?” “Are you kidding me?

“那怎么行，背锅是我们火灶房的传统，你以后在宗门内，别人只要看到你背着锅，知道你是火灶房的人，就不敢欺负你，咱们火灶房可是很有来头的！”
Wok-carrying is an important tradition in the Ovens! Later on when you’re out in the sect, people will see the wok on your back and instantly recognize that you’re from the Ovens! Once they know that, they won’t dare to pick on you. The Ovens has a lot of influence around here, you know!”

张大胖向白小纯眨了眨眼，不由分说，拎着白小纯就来到草屋后面，那里密密麻麻叠放着数千口大锅，其中绝大多数都落下厚厚一层灰，显然很久都没人过来。
Big Fatty Zhang winked at Bai Xiaochun. Allowing no further discussion of the matter, he led Bai Xiaochun to one of the thatch-roofed huts, within which were stacks of thousands of woks, most of which were covered in layers of dust. Clearly, no one had been in here for quite some time.

“九师弟，你选一口，我们去煮饭了，不然饭糊了，那些外门弟子又要嚷嚷了。”
“Go ahead and pick one, Ninth Junior Brother, then come on over and help tend to the rice. If the rice burns, then the Outer Sect disciples will make a scene again.”

张大胖喊了一声，转身与其他几个胖子，又开始在那上百个锅旁窜来窜去。
With that Big Fatty Zhang turned and ran back to join the other fat men as they hustled and bustled among the more than one hundred cooking woks.

白小纯唉声叹气，看着那一口口锅，正琢磨选哪一个时，忽然看到了在角落里，放着一口被压在下面的锅。
Sighing in despair, Bai Xiaochun looked over the woks, and was agonizing over which one to pick when he suddenly noticed one particular wok off in the corner, buried under a big pile.

这口锅有些特别，不是圆的，而是椭圆形，看起来不像是锅，反倒像是一个龟壳，隐隐可见似乎还有一些黯淡的纹路。
It was a unique wok that, instead of being circular, was shaped like an oval. It almost didn’t even look like an oval, but rather, like a turtle shell. There were also some faint markings visible on its surface.

“咦？”
“Eee?”

白小纯眼睛一亮，快步走了过去，蹲下身子仔细看了看后，将其搬了出来，仔细看后，目中露出满意。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened, and he quickly walked over and squatted down to look at the wok more closely. After dragging it out and examining it further, his eyes began to shine with satisfaction.

他自幼就喜欢乌龟，因为乌龟代表长寿，而他之所以来修仙，就是为了长生，如今一看此锅像龟壳，在他认为，这是很吉利的，是好兆头。
He had been fond of turtles ever since he was young, mostly because they represented longevity. Considering that he had come to learn about immortal cultivation for the purposes of living forever, as soon as his saw the turtle- shell wok, he knew that it was an auspicious sign, a good om en.

将这口锅搬出去后，张大胖远远的看到，拿着大勺就跑了过来。
After he emerged with the wok, Big Fatty Zhang caught sight of him and hurried over, ladle in hand.

“九师弟你怎么选这口啊，这锅放在那里不知多少年了，没人用过，因为像龟壳，所以也从来没人选背着它在身上，这个 九师弟你确定？”
“Ninth Junior Brother, why did you pick that one?” he asked sincerely, rubbing his ample belly. “That wok has been in there for years, and nobody has ever used it, mainly because it looks like a turtle shell and people don’t want to put it on their backs. Umm are you sure, Ninth Junior Brother?” “I'm sure.”

张大胖拍了拍自己的肚子，好心的劝说。
Bai Xiaochun said resolutely, looking fondly at the wok.

“确定，我就要这口锅了。”
“This is the wok for me.”

白小纯越看这口锅越喜欢，坚定道。


张大胖又劝说一番，眼看白小纯执意如此，便古怪的看了看他，不再多说，为白小纯安排了在这火灶房居住的草屋后，就又忙碌去了。
Big Fatty Zhang tried to dissuade him some more, but eventually realized that Bai Xiaochun had made up his mind. Finally, he gave him a strange look and stopped trying. After assigning him one of the Ovens’ thatch-roofed huts for housing, he went back to work.

此刻天色已到黄昏，白小纯在草屋内，将那口龟形的锅仔细的看了看，发现这口锅的背面，有几十条纹路，只是黯淡，若不细看，很难发现。
Soon, dusk had fallen. Bai Xiaochun sat in his thatch-roofed hut, examining the turtle-shaped wok. One thing that stuck out to him were the designs traced on the back of the wok, which were so faint that you wouldn’t see them unless you looked closely.


He could instantly tell that this was no ordinary wok.

他顿时认为这口锅不凡，将其小心的放在了灶上，这才打量居住的屋舍，这房屋很简单，一张小床，一处桌椅，墙上挂着一面日常所需的铜镜，在他环顾房间时，身后那口平淡无奇的锅上，有一道紫光，一闪而逝！
Carefully putting it on the stove, he looked around the little hut. It was very simple. In addition to the stove, it had a bed, a desk, and an ordinary copper mirror hanging on the wall. As Bai Xiaochun had his head turned to look around, the seemingly- ordinary wok behind him suddenly emitted a flash of violet light!

对于白小纯来说，这一天发生了很多事情，如今虽然来到了梦寐以求的仙人世界，可他心里终究是有些茫然。
As far as Bai Xiaochun was concerned, this had been a day packed with all sorts of momentous events. He had finally arrived in the land of his dreams, a world of immortals. At the moment, he was still in a bit of a daze.

片刻后，他深吸口气，目中露出期望。
After a bit of time passed, he took a deep breath, and his eyes began to shine with anticipation.

“我要长生！”
“I'm gonna live forever!”

白小纯坐在一旁取出杂役处麻脸女子给予的口袋。
As he sat there, he pulled out the bag which the pock-faced woman had given him.

里面有一枚丹药，一把木剑，一根燃香，再就是杂役的衣服与令牌，最后则是一本竹书，书上有几个小字。
Inside the bag was a medicinal pill, a woode n sword, some incense, a servant’s uniform, and a command medallion. Finally, there was a bamboo scroll with several small characters written on the cover.

“紫气驭鼎功，凝气篇。”
“Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art. Qi Condensation Manual.”

黄昏时分，火灶房内张大胖等人忙碌时，屋舍内的白小纯正看着竹书，眼中露出期待，他来到这里是为了长生，而长生的大门，此刻就在他的手中，深呼吸几次后，白小纯打开竹书看了起来。
It was evening, and Big Fatty Zhang and the others in the Ovens were bustling about. Meanwhile, Bai Xiaochun was looking at the bamboo scroll, eyes shining with anticipation. He had come here in order to learn how to live forever, and he held the key to achieving that goal in his hands right now. After taking a deep breath, he opened the scroll.

片刻后，白小纯眼中露出兴奋之芒，这竹书上有三幅图，按照上面的说法，修行分为凝气与筑基两个境界，而这紫气驭鼎功分为十层，分别对应凝气的十层。
Moments later, his eyes were gleaming with excitement. The bamboo scroll had three pictures, and accompanying text that described how cultivation was divided into two stages of Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment. As far as the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, it was divided into ten levels, each of which corresponded to the ten levels of Qi Condensation.


By practicing cultivation to a given level, it was possible to exercise control over physical objects.

且每修到一层，就可以驭驾外物为己用，当到了第三层后，可以驾驭重量为小半个鼎的物体，到了第六层，则是大半个鼎，而到了第九层，则是一整尊鼎，至于最终的大圆满，则是可以驾驭重量为两尊鼎的物体。
After reaching the third level, you could control half of a small cauldron. At the sixth level, it became half of a large cauldron. At the ninth level, it was a full cauldron. As for the final full circle, you could actually control two full cauldrons.

只不过这竹书上的功法，只有前三层，余下的没有记录，且若要修炼，还需按照特定的呼吸以及动作，才可以修行这紫气驭鼎功。
Unfortunately, this scroll only described up to the third level of the art, with no further information about the subsequent levels. The key to the whole thing was cultivation, using a prescribed set of breathing techniques to develop the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art.

白小纯打起精神，调整呼吸，闭目摆出竹书上第一幅图的动作，只坚持了三个呼吸，就全身酸痛的惨叫一声，无法坚持下去，且那种呼吸方式，也让他觉得气不够用。
Bai Xiaochun cleared his mind and began to regulate his breathing. Then he closed his eyes and imitated the posture depicted in the first picture in the bamboo scroll. He was able to hold on for three breaths of time before intense pain filled him. Finally, he let out a shout and gave up.


From what he could tell, using this breathing technique actually sucked all the air out of him, making it impossible to actually breathe.

“太难了，上面说这修炼这第一幅图，可以感受到体内有一丝气在隐隐游走，可我这里除了难受，什么都没有感觉到。”
“This is way too hard,” he thought. “According to the description under the picture, when you practice this kind of cultivation, you should be able to sense a strand of qi flowing through you. Just now, though, the only thing I felt was intense pain.”

白小纯有些苦恼，可为了长生，咬牙再次尝试，就这样磕磕绊绊，直至到了傍晚，他始终没有感受到体内的气。
He was starting to get frustrated. However, for the sake of living forever, he gritted his teeth and tried again. He repeated the process over and over again until it was the middle of the night.

他不知道，即便是资质绝佳之人，若没有外力，单纯去修行这紫气驭鼎功的第一层，也需要至少一个月的时间，而他这里才几个时辰，根本就不可能有气感。
During that entire time, he never once sensed any sort of qi in his body . He had no way of knowing it, but even someone with exceptional latent talent who tried to cultivate the first level of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art would need at least a month to succeed, unless they had some outside help. Considering that, it was simply impossible that he could have succeeded after only a few hours.

此刻全身酸痛，白小纯伸了个懒腰，正要去洗把脸，突然的，从门外传来阵阵吵闹之声，白小纯把头伸出窗外，立刻看到一个面黄肌瘦的青年，一脸铁青的站在火灶房院子的大门外。
Body aching painfully, Bai Xiaochun finally stretched, and was about to go wash his face when, all of a sudden, he heard a commotion outside. He stuck his head out of the window and immediately caught sight of a sallow-faced young man standing in the door of the main courtyard of the Ovens. He looked angry.

“是谁顶替了我许宝财的名额，给我滚出来！”
“I’m Xu Baocai! Whoever it was that took my spot here, get the hell out here right now!”

第三章 六句真言
chapter-3

白小纯这么一伸头，面黄肌瘦的青年立刻就看到，目光落在白小纯的脸上，气势汹汹。
The motion of Bai Xiaochun sticking his head out of the window instantly attracted the attention of the sallow-faced young man. Enraged, he yelled,

“就是你顶替了我的名额！”
“So, you’re the guy who took my spot!”

“不是我！” 白小纯缩头已来不及了，赶紧装出一副无辜的样子。
It was too late for Bai Xiaochun to duck his head back into the window. He immediately pasted an innocent expression onto his face and said, “No, it wasn’t me!”

“胡说，你这么瘦，头这么小，分明就是新来的！”
“Liar! You’re so skinny and short, you’re obviously a newbie here!”

许宝财握紧了拳头，怒视白小纯。
Xu Baocai clenched his hands into fists and stared furiously at Bai Xiaochun.

“这真的和我没关系啊。” 白小纯眼看对方的怒意似要炸了一样，觉得委屈，小声说道。
He was so angry that he looked like he might explode at any moment. Feeling quite wronged, Bai Xiaochun peeped “It really had nothing to do with me!” “I don’t care!

“我不管，三天之后，宗门南坡，你我决一死战，若你赢了，这口气许某忍了，若你输了，这个名额就归我了。”
Three days from now on the southern slope of the sect, you and I are gonna have a fight to the death! If you win, then I’ll have no choice other than to suck it up. If you lose, then I get my spot back.”

许宝财大声开口，从怀里扔出一张血书，直接扔在了白小纯面前的窗台上，上面密密麻麻写着无数的血色的杀字。
Xu Baocai shoved his hand into his robe and pulled out a blood notice, which he threw onto Bai Xiaochun’s window sill. The notice was covered with countless versions of the character “DIE,” all of them written in blood.

白小纯看着那张血书，看着上面那么多血色的杀字，只觉得杀气扑面，心底发毛，尤其是听到对方说要决一死战，更是倒吸口气。
Bai Xiaochun looked down at all the “DIE” characters and couldn’t miss the killing intent roiling off of them. His heart went cold. Then he remembered that Xu Baocai had just mentioned a ‘fight to the death,’ and he gasped.

“师兄，多大点事啊，用自己的血，写了这么多个字 得多疼啊。”
“Elder Brother, this isn’t that big a deal! Why did you have to go and use your own blood t o write so many characters? Didn’t it hurt?”

“多大的事？
“Not a big deal?”


Xu Baocai roared, gnashing his teeth.

啊，我这些年省吃俭用，攒了七年的灵石，七年啊，整整七年！
“Humph! I’ve been living frugally for ages. I saved up spirit stones for seven years! Seven years, do you hear me?

孝敬给执事，这才换来一个进入火灶房的资格，却被你插了一脚，我与你势不两立，三天后，不是你死就是我活！”
Only then could I afford to bribe the honor guard into getting me a spot in the Ovens! Then you decide to stick your foot into the door? This enmity will never be reconciled! Three days from now is the day you die!”

许宝财歇斯底里，咬牙切齿。 “我才不去呢。” 白小纯赶紧用指尖夹起血书，扔出窗台。
“I think I’ll pass,” Bai Xiaochun said, picking up the blood notice gingerly between his thumb and forefinger, and then tossing it out the window.

“你！”
“YOU!” raged Xu Baocai.

许宝财刚要发火，只感觉地面一颤，身边已多了一坐肉山，不知何时，张大胖已站在了那里，正冷眼打量许宝财。
Suddenly, he felt the ground shaking, and he realized that there was a mountain of flesh standing there next to him. It was hard to say how long Big Fatty Zhang had been standing there, but there he was, off to the side, coldly measuring up Xu Baocai.

“九胖，去和你二师兄一起刷碗，至于你，别在这里大呼小叫的，一边玩去。”
“Ninth Fatty,” he said, addressing Bai Xiaochun, “you’re on dish duty with Second Brother.”

张大胖一挥手，掀起阵阵风声。
Then he looked back at Xu Baocai. “As for you, stop causing such a ruckus! Get your ass out of here!” He swept his ladle through the air threateningly, causing a gust of wind to spring up.

许宝财面色变化，连连退后几步，想要说些什么，可看到张大胖后又忍住，最后怨毒的看了眼白小纯，这才悻悻的离去。
Xu Baocai’s face fell, and he backed up several steps. He wanted to keep arguing, but seeing the impatient look on Big Fatty Zhang’s face, he shot a venomous look at Bai Xiaochun, then stalked off.

白小纯想了想，觉得对方离去时的目光太阴毒，稳妥起见，决定自己还是不要随意出火灶房为好，留在这里，对方应该不敢进来。
As Bai Xiaochun thought about it, he realized that considering the vicious look Xu Baocai had given him, he was certain to pop up again at some point. Therefore, the best thing to do in this situation would be to stay put in the Ovens. Most likely, Xu Baocai wouldn’t dare to come back there and cause trouble.

一晃数日，白小纯渐渐适应了火灶房的工作，夜晚时便修行紫气驭鼎功，可惜进展缓慢，始终无法坚持超过四息，让白小纯很是苦恼。
Days passed. Bai Xiaochun slowly got used to working in the Ovens during the day, and cultivating the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art at night. However, progress was slow. Eventually he got to the point where he could endure for four breaths of time, but no more, leaving him very frustrated.

这一夜，他正修行时，突然的，听到外面传来火灶房内的那些胖子师兄兴奋的声音。
On one particular night in the middle of his cultivation session, he suddenly heard a big commotion among the fat Elder Brothers.

“关门了，关门了，黄二胖，快去关门！”
“Close the gate, close the gate! Hurry up, Second Fatty Huang, close that gate!”

“黑三胖，快去查看一下四周有没有偷看的！”
“Third Fatty Hei, check and see if anyone is spying on us. Quickly!”

白小纯一愣，这次他学聪明了，不从窗户去看，而是顺着门缝看去，只见外面几个胖子灵活无比，在院子里健步如飞，神神秘秘，一片忙碌。
Bai Xiaochun blinked in shock. Having learned from his previous mistake, he avoided the window and peeked through a crack in the door. What he saw was a bunch of fatties bustling around the courtyard so fast they were almost flying.

很快的，火灶房的大门就被关的密密实实，四周更是不知谁展开了什么手段，居然起了一层稀薄的雾气，使得那几个胖子的身影，更为神秘起来。
Moments later, the main gate to the Ovens was closed tightly. Furthermore, for some reason, a light mist had sprung up, making the fatties look even more mysterious than ever.

白小纯看了半天，直至看到那几个胖子不在窜来窜去，而是神秘在一处草屋前围在一起，哪怕隔着雾气，他也能看清张大胖威武的身影，似乎在那里低声说着什么，他觉得隐秘的事，自己还是少知道为妙，于是退后一些，努力做出自己没看到的姿态。
Bai Xiaochun watched the scene playing out. The fatties were now hustling over to one particular thatched hut. Despite all the mist, Bai Xiaochun could clearly see Big Fatty Zhang’s formidable frame, and he seemed to be speaking to the others. The whole scene was very odd, so Bai Xiaochun began to edge away from the door in an attempt to pretend he hadn’t seen anything at all.

可就在这时，张大胖的声音传来。
However, it was at that exact point that Big Fatty Zhang’s voice echoed out

“九胖，你都看到了，还不快赶紧过来。”
“Ninth Fatty, I know you’re watching. Get out here!”

声音不算大，似刻意的压了下来。
Although he didn’t speak very loud, his voice instantly weighed dow n on Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯眨了眨眼，脸上露出乖巧的样子，一副人畜无害般，走了出去。
Bai Xiaochun blinked a few times, then slowly walked out the door, putting on the innocent expression of a person who wasn’t capable of even hurting a fly.

刚一靠近，张大胖一把抓来，就将白小纯带到了身边，与身边几个胖子围在一起的白小纯，立刻就闻到了一股与众不同的气味，吸入鼻孔内，化作了无数暖流，融入全身。
As soon as he neared the group of fatties, Big Fatty Zhang grabbed him and pulled him over to stand among them. Almost immediately, Bai Xiaochun caught a whiff of some unique aroma, something that instantly caused a warm feeling to spread throughout his body .

再看其他人，也都是神色露出舒爽之意，白小纯精神一振，看到了在张大胖的手中，拿着的一块婴儿头颅大小的灵芝，这灵芝晶莹剔透，一看就不是凡品之物。
He looked around at the others, and saw that they all had euphoric expressions on their faces. For some reason, he also felt enlivened. It was then that he noticed that Big Fatty Zhang was holding a magical mushroom in his hand. It was about the size of an infant’s hand, and as translucent as crystal, all it took was a single glance, and anyone could tell that it was no ordinary item.

“九师弟，来，吃一口。” 张大胖看了白小纯一眼，将手里的灵芝递了过去，憨声道。
Big Fatty Zhang looked over at Bai Xiaochun, then held out the mushroom and gruffly said, “Come on, Ninth Junior Brother, take a bite.”

“啊？”
“Uhh” replied Bai Xiaochun, eying the magical mushroom.

白小纯看了看灵芝，又看了看身边几个胖子师兄，眼看白小纯迟疑，张大胖顿时生气了，一副你若不吃，咱们没完的模样。
Then he looked around at all the fat Elder Brothers, and hesitated. Big Fatty Zhang instantly got irritated. From the look on his face, if Bai Xiaochun didn’t eat the mushroom, the two of them would become enemies.

不仅是他如此，四周黄二胖，黑三胖等人，也都这般，盯着白小纯。
It wasn’t just him. Second Fatty Huang, Third Fatty Hei, and all the others were all glaring at Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯咽了口唾沫，这种把如此价值不菲珍贵非凡的灵芝，当成鸡腿一样送给自己，非逼着自己吃一口，如果不吃就翻脸的好事，他做梦的时候遇到过，现实里还是头一遭。
Bai Xiaochun swallowed hard. Even in his wildest dreams, he would never have imagined himself in a situation where people would flip out in anger if he didn’t take a bite of a priceless magical mushroom, as if it were nothing more than a chicken leg. And yet, that was exactly what was happening right in front of his very eyes.

白小纯心脏怦怦跳动，一咬牙，接过灵芝，狠狠地咬下一大口，那灵芝肉入口就化，融入全身后，阵阵比之前强烈了无数倍的舒爽感，让白小纯脸都涨红了。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart was thumping as he gritted his teeth and accepted the magical mushroom. Finally, he opened his mouth and took a big bite. The mushroom instantly dissolved in his mouth, causing a wonderful sensation to fill his body , something many times more intense than what he had experienced moments before when merely smelling it. Almost instantly, his face flushed bright red.

“好，吃了这孙长老点名要用来入汤的百年灵芝，咱们就真的是自己人了。”
“Excellent. Elder Sun demanded that we use this hundred-year-old magical mushroom in a soup. If we all take a bite, then we’ll have to sink or swim together!”

张大胖神色露出满意，也咔嚓一口，吃下了一小块，扔给了下一个胖子，很快的，众人就咔嚓咔嚓的，将这灵芝吃掉了一圈，看向白小纯时，也都露出自己人的笑容。
Big Fatty Zhang looked extremely content as he opened his mouth and took a nibble. Then he tossed the mushroom to the next fatty in line, and soon, all of them were munching on mushroom flesh. Now that they were all chewing together, the group smiled at Bai Xiaochun as if he were now one of them.

白小纯呵呵一笑，顿时明白这就是同流合污了，而这几位师兄都吃成这么胖还没事，想来这种吃法是安全的，难怪那个许宝财要给自己下战书，写那么多杀字
Bai Xiaochun chuckled as he realized that all these guys were essentially partners in crime. Furthermore, considering they had gotten so fat this way, it probably wasn’t dangerous to join them. It was little wonder Xu Baocai had given him a challenge notice with the word “DIE” written on it so many times

“师兄，这灵芝真好吃，吃的我浑身发热。”
“Elder Brother,” Bai Xiaochun said, “that magical mushroom was scrumptious! I feel like my whole body 's on fire!”

白小纯舔了舔嘴唇，眼巴巴的看向张大胖。
He licked his lips and looked impatiently at Big Fatty Zhang.

张大胖听到这句话，眼睛一亮，哈哈大笑，无比豪爽的从怀里掏出一块黄精，递给白小纯。
In response, Big Fatty Zhang’s eyes began to shine brightly. With a hearty laugh, he flamboyantly pulled out a sealwort flower, which he handed to Bai Xiaochun.

“师弟，现在知道这里好了吧，师兄之前没骗你吧，吃，以后管饱！”
“Now do you see how amazing the Ovens is, Junior Brother? I wasn’t lying! Alright, eat up. Eat till you're stuffed!”

白小纯眼中冒光，接住咬下一大口，刚吃完，张大胖又拿出一块地宝，这地宝金黄，香气四溢。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes began to shine as he took a big bite. Next, Big Fatty Zhang pulled out some sort of natural precious material, something that looked like a golden jewel, which emanated a fragrant aroma.

这一次不用张大胖说话，白小纯连忙咬了下去，满口酸甜，浑身舒爽时，张大胖又拿出一枚红色的灵果，这灵果气味甜腻，里面还有一丝气在旋转。
Bai Xiaochun needed no prompting from Big Fatty Zhang. He immediately took a bite and swallowed it down. The tangy flavor filled him with a wonderful sensation. After that, Big Fatty Zhang produced an incredibly sweet red spirit fruit.


More items emerged.

于是在接下来的时间里，什么灵芝，药材，灵果，地宝，白小纯全部都吃了一口，其他几个胖子也都如此，直至吃的白小纯眼前眩晕，如醉了一样，全身涨热，甚至头顶都冒出了白烟，他觉得自己的身体都胖了一圈。
Magical mushrooms, various medicinal ingredients, spirit fruits and other precious items. Bai Xiaochun partook of them all, as did the other fatties. He ate so much that soon, his head was spinning. He almost felt drunk, his body hot and burning to the point where white steam rose up from the top of his head.

随着他不断的吃下，张大胖等人的目光越发的柔和，到了最后，都拍着肚子笑了起来，笑声里带着一副同流合污之感。
He already felt as fat as a ball. The more he ate, the more kindly Big Fatty Zhang and the others looked at him. In the end, they slapped their stomachs and laughed heartily, and they all truly seemed like partners in crime.

白小纯醉晕晕的，放开了手脚，一巴掌拍在张大胖的肚子上，一只脚踏在旁边，一样大笑起来。
Head swimming, Bai Xiaochun stretched out his arms and legs. His hand landed on Big Fatty Zhang’s giant stomach, and his foot landed off to the side. He began to laugh along with the others.

“这杂役处别的房啊，为了获得一个外门弟子的名额，都打破了头，而我们，为了丢掉一个外门弟子的名额，也都打破了头啊，谁也不愿去啊，谁去当外门弟子啊，在这里多好。”
“Other servant departments would kill to get one of their own into the Outer Sect. But we kill to make sure we stay out! Who wants to go there anyway?


What’s so good about the Outer Sect, huh?”

张大胖越看白小纯越觉得对脾气，得意的说道，又拿出一根人参，这人参头上数不清的节环，须子之多更是密密麻麻，一看就有不少年份。
Big Fatty Zhang sounded very proud of this. As he finished speaking, he pulled out a ginseng root. The root itself had countless faintly visible age rings, and was covered with numerous rootlets. Clearly, this ginseng root was very old.

“九师弟，我们每个人修为早就足够成为外门弟子了，可我们得藏着啊，你看，这是一根百年人参，外门弟子为了吃一口，打破了头啊，你看咱这。”
“Ninth Junior Brother, our cultivation bases are all strong enough that we could have become Outer Sect disciples a long time ago. However, we prefer to hide our true level. Look, there are Outer Sect disciples who would kill for the chance to get a single bite of a one-hundred-year-old ginseng root like this. Do we look scared?”

张大胖直接掰下一条须子，扔在嘴里，嘎吱嘎吱的咽了下去后，将这根人参递给了白小纯。
Big Fatty Zhang subsequently plucked a rootlet off and poppe d it into his mouth, chewed, and swallowed. Then he handed the ginseng root to Bai Xiaochun.

“师兄，我饱了 这次真的吃不下了 ”白小纯双眼迷离，他是真的撑着了，正开口时，张大胖拔下一条须子直接塞到他的嘴里。
Bai Xiaochun was so stuffed he almost couldn’t see straight. “Elder Brother, I'm full I really can’t eat another bite” Before he could even finish speaking, Big Fatty Zhang plucked off a rootlet and stuffed it into Bai Xiaochun's mouth.

“九师弟你这太瘦了，这样出去，宗门里哪个姑娘会喜欢，咱们宗喜欢的都是师兄我们这样威武饱满的，来，吃 我们火灶坊有副对联，叫做宁在火灶饿死，不去外门争锋。”
“Ninth Junior Brother, you’re far too skinny, so skinny that the girls in the sect won’t like you. In our sect, they like guys like us Brothers, stalwart and plump! Come on, eat” Big Fatty Zhang let out a huge burp.

张大胖打了个饱嗝，一边拿出一摞空碗，一边指着身边的草屋，那里挂着一副对联。
Then he picked up a stack of empty bowls, simultaneously pointing to two scrolls hanging on either side of the nearby thatched hut, upon which was written a couplet. “Look, we have a saying here that goes I’d rather starve to death in the Ovens than s truggle up the ladde r in the Outer Sect.” Bai Xiaochun looked over at the couplet and said, “Yeah, for sure!

“对，对，我们大家都在这里饿死，恩 都饿死。”
We all want to starve to death here! Uh yeah, starve to death.”

看着这幅对联，白小纯拍了拍肚子，也打了个饱嗝。
Then he slapped his stomach and let out a burp. Hearing this, Big Fatty Zhang and the others all started laughing.

张大胖等人闻言都大笑起来，觉得这白小纯越来越可爱。
They all were finding Bai Xiaochun to be increasingly charming. “Today is a great day,” Big Fatty Zhang said.

“今天高兴，九师弟我告诉你一个学问，我们火灶房吃东西，是有讲究的，有一句口诀，九师弟你要记住，灵株吃边角，主杆不能碰，切肉下狠刀，剔骨留三分，灵粥多掺水，琼浆小半杯。”
“Ninth Junior Brother, I have something important to tell you. We have certain ways of doing things here in the Ovens, and to fit in, you need to memorize a certain mnemonic. Pay attention. Fruits and herbs of a magical nature, Nibble the edges but spare the stem, Slice the meat thin when there's some to butcher, As for the bone s leave some flesh on them, Spirit conge e?


Water it down until it's thin, Fine wine?


Half a cup w ill do y ou in.

“这六句真言，是多少年来先烈前辈总结的，你只要按照这个去吃，保证不出事，行了，都散了吧，今天的宵夜结束，那些外门弟子还在等着喝汤呢。”
“These six lines were compiled after years of suffering by previous generations. If you go about eating following these principles, then you’re guaranteed to be safe. Alright, let’s call it a night. Head to sleep everyone, today’s midnight snack is over.


The Outer Sect disciples are still waiting for their soup.”

张大胖一边说着，一边向一个个碗中倒米汤。
As he spoke, Big Fatty Zhang began to fill the empty bowls with rice gruel.

白小纯迷迷糊糊的，满脑子都是那六句真言，看了眼正在倒米汤的张大胖等人，又看了看一口口碗，一个嗝打出后，蹲下身拿起一个空碗，仔细看了看后，咧嘴笑了起来。
Bai Xiaochun’s head was spinning, and he couldn't stop thinking about the six lines of truth he had just been told. He looked over at Big Fatty Zhang and the others filling up the bowls, let out a burp, then squatted down to examine the bowls themselves. Then, his mouth turned up into a smile.

“师兄，这个碗不太好啊。”
“Elder Brothers, these bow ls are too nice.”

张大胖等人听了后，看向白小纯，露出诧异的神情。
Big Fatty Zhang and the others looked back at him with strange expressions.

“你们瞧这个碗，此碗看起来不大，可实际上很能装，咱们为什么不让它看起来很大，实际上装的很少呢？
Looking as charming as ever, he chuckled and said, “At first glance, they don’t look very big, but can actually hold a lot of food. Why don’t we make them look big, but hold less food?

比如说这碗底 厚一点？”
For example, we could make the bottom of the bow ls thicker!”

白小纯一副乖巧的模样，笑眯眯的说道。 张大胖愣了，有种好似被雷霆轰击的感觉，身体的肥肉慢慢颤抖起来，双眼冒光，其他几个胖子，也都呼吸急促，一个个全身肥肉都在哆嗦。
Big Fatty Zhang stared in shock, as though he had just been struck by lightning. His rolls of fat then began to quiver, and his eyes began to shine brightly. The other fatties began to pant, and their fat also began to tremble.

啪的一声，张大胖猛地一拍大腿，仰天大笑起来。
All of a sudden a loud smacking sound rang out as Big Fatty Zhang slapped his thigh. Then he threw his head back and laughed uproariously.

“好，好，好，这可是能名垂千古，造福我火灶房无数后辈的好主意啊，没想到九师弟你看起来这么的乖巧本分，肚子里居然这么有货啊，哈哈，你天生就是干火灶房的料！”
“Yes, yes, YES! That’s an idea worth passing down! Future generations in the Ovens will all benefit from this! Ninth Junior Brother, I never imagined that someone as charming as you would actually be as crafty as this!


Hahaha!


You were born to be a part of the Ovens!”

第四章 炼灵
chapter-4

众人大喜，看向白小纯时，已是喜欢到了极点，觉得这白小纯不但可爱，肚子里坏水还不少，于是张大胖做主，奖励给白小纯一粒灵米，塞在了白小纯的手中。
Everyone was in a wonderful mood, and were extremely pleased with Bai Xiaochun. Not only was he very charming, he seemed to have lots of crafty ideas. Big Fatty Zhang decided that a reward was in order, and pressed a grain of spirit rice into Bai Xiaochun’s hand.

白小纯笑的很开心，迷迷糊糊的回到了房间里，还没等爬上床，体内积累的无数天才地宝的灵气，就爆发开来，脑袋一晕，直接就倒在了地上，呼呼大睡。
Bai Xiaochun laughed happily as he staggered back to his room. Before he could climb in bed, all of the spiritual energy he had absorbed by eating the various precious materials suddenly burst out inside of him. His head spun, and he floppe d face-first down onto the ground, where he immediately began snoring. He slept wonderfully for the entire night.

这一觉甜美非凡，第二天清晨时，白小纯睁开眼，精神振奋，低头时发现自己胖了一圈，全身黏糊糊的，贴着一层黑色的污垢，赶紧出去清洗一番，张大胖等人正在忙碌门中弟子的早饭，看到白小纯的样子，都笑了起来。
The following morning at dawn, when he opened his eyes, they shone brightly. He looked down to find that he was fatter than the day before. Furthermore, his skin was covered in a sticky layer of filth. When he hurried out to wash up, Big Fatty Zhang and the others were preparing breakfast for the sect disciples.


When they saw Bai


Xiaochun’s bedraggled appearance, they started laughing.

“九师弟，那些污垢是你体内的杂质，去掉后你修行时会顺利很多，这几天不用你帮手，过几天在干活。”
“Ninth Junior Brother, all that filth comes from the impurities in your body . Once you get rid of it, it will be much easier for you to practice cultivation. Take a few days off, we won’t need your help anyway. In a few days you can start working again.”

“那粒灵米是好东西，记得快点吃了，若放久了不好。”
“Don’t forget about that grain of spirit rice! Eat it up quickly before it goes bad.”


“Sure thing,” Bai Xiaochun replied.

白小纯神清气爽，点头回应了一声后，回到房间目光落在那口龟形的锅上，索性扛着出去刷洗一番，带回房间放在灶上，将那粒灵米拿在手中看了看，此米小拇指大小，晶莹光滑，散出阵阵香气。
Feeling quite energetic, he returned to his room and grabbed the turtle-shaped wok off of the stove. After filling it with water from the washroom, he returned and put it back on the stove. Then he pulled out the grain of spirit rice to examine it. It was about the size of his thumb, crystalline in appearance, and fragrantly aromatic.

“仙人吃的东西，果然都不凡啊。”
“If immortals eat this stuff, then it must be incredible.”

白小纯感慨一番，将火灶内的几块木头点燃，刚一燃烧，一股炙热顿时扑面，让白小纯眼前一焦，赶紧后退，望着火灶内的火，啧啧称奇。
Sighing, he threw a few pieces of wood into the stove, then lit the fire. He was immediately hit by a blast of heat, which caused him to back up, blinking anxiously. Then he looked dow n at the fire and clicked his tongue.

“这火也不一般啊，不但燃的快，比村子里的火温度也高了很多。”
“That’s no ordinary fire. It lights faster and also burns a lot hotter than the fire in the village.”

白小纯又看了眼火灶内的木头，觉得应该是此木不俗。
Taking another look at the burning logs in the fire, he realized that they were not ordinary pieces of wood.

就在这时，随着火焰的燃起，白小纯惊奇的看到，那口龟形锅上的第一条纹路，竟由下向上，开始变的明亮，很快这一条纹路，就从头到尾，全部亮起。
About this time, the fire began to burn even hotter than before, and Bai Xiaochun watched in amazement as one of the designs etched into the back of the turtle shell wok began to light up, starting at what appeared to be the tail of the turtle shell and ending where the head would be. Soon, the entire design was shining brightly.

白小纯愣了一下，忽然一拍大腿。
Bai Xiaochun stared in amazement, then slapped his thigh.

“我就说么，这是个宝贝，一定比大师兄的那口锅好。”
“I knew it! This is some sort of treasure! It's definitely way better than Eldest Brother’s wok!”

白小纯越发觉得此锅不凡，赶紧把灵米扔在锅中。
More certain than ever that this wok was something extraordinary, Bai Xiaochun quickly tossed the grain of spirit rice into the water.

坐在一旁一边等着，他一边拿起紫气驭鼎功的竹书，按照里面第一幅图的动作与呼吸，开始修炼。
Then he sat off to the side with the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art bamboo scroll. Emulating the movements and breathing techniques depicted in the first picture, he began to cultivate.

几乎是刚一修炼，白小纯就睁大了眼，他发现这个昨天摆出来很困难的姿势，此刻居然极为顺畅，没有丝毫难受之感，甚至那种呼吸的方法，也都不再出现窒息，反倒是有种很舒服的感觉。
He had only just begun when, suddenly, his eyes went wide, the posture which had been so difficult to maintain just the day before, was now much easier to assume. In fact, he actually felt very comfortable, without the slightest sensation of awkwardness. In addition, the breathing technique no longer left him feeling as if he were suffocating.

尤其是坚持的时间，他分明记得之前最多也就是三四个呼吸，可眼下已过去了七八个呼吸，竟没有丝毫酸痛。
Instead, he felt a very pleasant sensation. Furthermore, he was absolutely certain that before today he could only maintain the posture for about three or four breaths of time, but this time, after seven or eight breaths, he didn't feel the least bit of pain or discomfort.

忍着振奋，白小纯让自己平静下来，直至坚持到了三十息后，在他感觉身体出现微弱酸痛时，突然的，从其体内竟出现了一缕气，这气冰凉，飞速在体内游走，虽然没有完整的游走一圈就消散，可依旧让白小纯激动的跳了起来。
Suppressing his excitement, Bai Xiaochun calmly continued until thirty breaths of time had passed. Just when he was finally starting to feel weak and uncomfortable, a strand of qi suddenly appeared inside of him. It was very cold, and swirled around rapidly, before it could make a full circle through his body , it vanished. However, Bai Xiaochun was so excited he leapt to his feet.

“有气了，哈哈，有气了！”
“Qi! Hahaha! Finally some qi appeared!”

白小纯狂喜，在房屋里走来走去，也想到了定是昨晚吃下的那些天材地宝的原因，心底觉得吃的少了。
Bursting with excitement, he began to pace back and forth in his room. He quickly came to the conclusion that it must have something to do with all the precious materials he had consumed the previous night. Suddenly he wished he had eaten more.

“难怪张师兄说宁在火灶饿死，不去外门争锋，这等好事，外门弟子都不会有。”
“No wonder Elder Brother Zhang would rather starve to death in the Ovens than go climb the ladder in the Outer Sect. Not even the Outer Sect disciples would have oppor tunities like this.”

白小纯赶紧坐下，再次修炼。
Sitting down anxiously, he once again began to practice cultivation.

这一次，他按照紫气驭鼎功第一层的呼吸方法与第一幅图的动作，整整坚持到了六十息，在达到六十息的瞬间，他的体内一股比之前还要大了一倍的气脉顿时滋生出来，如同涓流一样，在他的体内快速的游走。
This time, he was able to maintain the posture and breathing for a full sixty breaths of time. At that point, a flow of qi appeared in him, almost a trickle, that rapidly circulated through his body .

白小纯有了经验，连忙按照第一幅图上的标示，默默想着体内的几处路线。
Having experienced this once before, he was ready, and began to guide the qi through a specific path, as indicated by the first picture in the bamboo s croll.

很快，他体内的气脉涓流就按照白小纯所想，顺着路线而行，随着白小纯还在坚持摆出第一幅图的动作，他甚至察觉到身体内还有一丝丝凉气从全身各个位置钻出，如同水滴一样，融入那条气脉涓流内，使得涓流越来越大。
Soon, the qi was flowing through him in just the way he wanted. He maintained the posture and movements indicated in the first illustration, and as he did, he could sense streams of coldness emerging from various parts of his body , almost like drops of water, which merged into the qi flow, causing it to grow larger and larger.

到了最后，竟化作了一条小溪般，直至完整的游走了一圈后，白小纯全身一震，脑海如拨开云雾一样，传来轰的一声。
In the end, it was like a tiny stream, flowing in a continuous cycle. A tremor ran through him, and it was as if a layer of fog had suddenly been stripped away from his mind. A rumbling sound echoed out from his body .

一股前所未有的轻灵之感，立刻就在他的身体上浮现出来，一团团污垢更是顺着汗毛孔不断地泌出。
He suddenly felt lighter and more agile than before. At the same time, globules of filth were expelled from the pores all over his body .

而他体内的那条小溪，也没有如以往那样消散，而是始终存在，自行的缓慢游走全身，白小纯睁开眼，目中更为清澈，灵动之意多了不少。
Unlike last time, the stream of qi inside of him didn’t vanish, but instead, remained there, circulating through his body . Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes, and they shone even more brightly than before.

甚至身体也都明显感觉轻快很多。
His mind even seemed to move a bit quicker and his body felt lighter and faster.


“A permanent qi vessel,” he thought excitedly.

“气脉常在，就是这紫气驭鼎功修炼到第一层的表现，也代表了达到那什么凝气第一层！”
“That’s the sign that I've successfully cultivated the first level of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art! It also means that I’ve reached that, what’s it called? The first level of Qi Condensation!”

白小纯喜不自禁，跑出去又清洗了一番。
Bai Xiaochun was overjoyed, and immediately ran to the washroom.

张大胖等人看到后，露出一副彼此都懂的笑容，对于白小纯这么快修成第一层，虽有惊讶，但却明白缘故。
When Big Fatty Zhang and the others saw him, they exchanged knowing glances. Although they were a bit surprised that Bai Xiaochun had reached the first level so quickly, they all knew why it had happened.

重新回到屋舍，白小纯深吸几口气后，拿起一旁的竹书，仔细的看了看。
After returning to his room, Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, and then began to study the bamboo s croll more thoroughly.

“这紫气驭鼎功第一层修成后，就可以驾驭一些物体，这可是仙人的法术啊，可以隔空摄物啊。”
“After cultivating the first level of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, I should be able to control physical objects. Wow, this is basically an immortal magical technique. I should be able to shoot things through the air.”

白小纯眼中冒光，按照上面的方法，双手掐出简单的印决，向着旁边的桌子一指，立刻他就感觉体内的那条小溪，如脱缰的野马直奔自己右手食指而去，更是脱离指尖。
Eyes shining, he followed the instructions prescribed in the scroll, moving both hands together in a special way to perform an incantation. Then, he waved his finger at the nearby desk. Instantly, the stream inside of him surged like a bucking bronco, racing toward his right index finger and then out through the tip of his finger.

仿佛形成了一条无形的丝线，与那桌子连接在一起，可惜刚一连接，此线立刻不稳，啪的一声碎裂了。
It turned into something like an invisible thread, which then attached itself to the nearby desk. However, almost as soon as it reached the desk, the connection grew unstable, and the thread disintegrated.

白小纯面色微微苍白，好半晌才恢复过来，仔细的想了想后，放弃了桌子，而是将口袋内的木剑取出，这木剑不知是什么木头制成，重量虽不如桌子，但也有些沉重，他右手抬起一指。
Bai Xiaochun’s face went pale. After a moment of recuperation, he reviewed what he had just done, then decided to give up on moving the desk. Instead, he pulled out the woode n sword from his bag and placed it on top of the desk. He wasn’t sure what type of wood the sword was made from, but despite being much lighter than the desk, it still seemed unusually heavy.

木剑顿时震动了一下，竟缓缓地漂浮起来，但只升起了一寸，就又掉了下来。
He waved his finger toward it, and the woode n sword twitched, then slowly floated an inch up into the air before falling back dow n onto the desk.

白小纯也不气馁，兴奋的多次尝试，木剑也从开始的升起一寸高度就掉了，变成了十寸，二十寸，三十寸 到了黄昏时，他的房间内那把木剑，已能直线的漂浮而去，速度虽然不快，也难以转弯，但却不会像最早时那样轻易摔落。
Bai Xiaochun was anything but discouraged. After a few more excited attempts, he was able to get the sword to rise higher and higher. Soon it was ten inches, then twenty, then thirty By the time dusk fell, he could get the woode n sword to fly in a straight line. Although it wasn’t very fast, and he couldn't quite make it turn, it wouldn’t fall down as easily as it had when he first started practicing.

“从此我白小纯就是仙人了！”
“Henceforth, I, Bai Xiaochun, am an immortal!”

白小纯站在那里，一副傲然的样子，左手背着身后，右手抬起向前挥舞，那把木剑摇摇晃晃的飞来飞去。
He rose proudly to his feet, held his left hand behind his back, and then waved his right hand, causing the woode n sword to fly unsteadily back and forth in his room.

直至体内气息不稳时，白小纯才收回木剑，正要继续修行，忽然闻到了阵阵香气从一旁的锅中传出，他抬头深吸一口，立刻食欲大动，这一天他忙于修行，倒也忘了锅内还煮着灵米，上前打开锅盖。
Eventually, his qi began to grow unstable, so he put the woode n sword away and continued to practice cultivation. Later, he caught wind of a fragrant aroma coming from the wok, causing him to raise his head and take a deep sniff. Suddenly feeling ravenous, he realized that he had been busy cultivating all day, and had completely forgotten about the spirit rice boiling in the wok. He immediately walked over and lifted the lid to look inside.

在打开盖的刹那，一股浓郁的香气从锅内的灵米上散出，只是在那灵米上，不知为何，出现了一道刺目的银纹！
The moment he did, the strong, fragrant aroma of spirit rice wafted out. Furthermore, at some point during the process, a brilliant, glowing silver design had appeared on the surface of the rice!

这银纹很明显，仔细一看，甚至有种摄人心神之感，但随着时间流逝，渐渐成为了暗银色，白小纯眯起眼睛，想了想后将那粒灵米取出，拿在手中查看一番。
The design was clearly visible, and when Bai Xiaochun looked at it closely, he suddenly felt lost within the light. After a while, though, the design began to fade. He narrowed his eyes, and after some more thought, picked up the grain of spirit rice and held it in his hand for a closer look.

“这纹有些眼熟 ”白小纯目中露出思索，低头看了眼火灶，发现里面的火早已熄灭，就连木头也都成为了灰烬，而那口锅上的一条亮纹，也重新黯淡了。
“That design looks really familiar” His eyes flickered with a thoughtful gleam. He ducked his head to look under the stove, and saw that the fire had long since burned out. The pieces of wood were nothing more than ash now, and the design on the wok had once again faded into obs curity.

他立刻认出，这灵米上的银纹，竟与锅背的纹，一模一样。
However, he could still tell that the silver design on the grain of rice was the same design as the one on the back of the wok.

压下心中的疑惑，安全起见，白小纯没有将此米吃下，而是放在了布袋里，思索片刻后，便走出屋舍，与张大胖等人一起干活。
He decided not to continue to investigate the design, and to be safe, chose not to eat the rice for the time being. Instead, he put it into his bag, sat there for a moment in contemplation, then left his hut to help Big Fatty Zhang and the others.

时间流逝，一晃过去了半个月，这半个月来，白小纯修行又停顿下来，精进缓慢，不过他也打探出了别人煮灵米时，不会出现什么银纹。
Before long, half a month had passed. Bai Xiaochun’s cultivation progress had once again slowed down. However, after some discreet inquiries, he learned that silver designs never appeared on spirit rice when it was cooked.

好奇之余，他越发觉得自己那粒米不对劲，尤其是对那口锅，觉得更为古怪，终于在几天后，随着黑三胖外出火灶房去采购所需时，去了一趟四海房，那里是他打探出的，杂役可以前往知晓修行常识的地方。
His curiosity had definitely been piqued. The more he learned about it, the more it seemed that there was something special about this particular grain of rice, not to mention his wok, which seemed even stranger. A few days later, Third Fatty Hei left the Ovens to go purchase supplies, giving Bai Xiaochun the perfect oppo rtunity to sneak into the Four Seas Room, a place where servants could get general information about cultivation.

从四海房回来后，白小纯的心脏强烈的跳动，他强忍着惊喜，直至回到了房间，立刻就将那粒灵米取出，仔细的看着上面的银纹，目中慢慢露出不可思议之色。
On his way back to his hut, he did his best to conceal the excitement which filled his heart. After closing the door behind him, he immediately took out the grain of spirit rice and studied the silver design. Gradually, an expression of disbelief appeared on his face.

“仙人修行，有三炼不可缺少，分别是炼药，炼器以及 炼灵！”
“When immortals practice cultivation, there are three skills they can't do without. The first is medicine concocting, the second is equipment forging, and the third is spirit enhancement!”

白小纯想着自己在四海房查看到的典籍中描述炼灵的图片，对比灵米上的银纹，越看越像。
Bai Xiaochun thought back to the images he had dug up when searching through the ancient records in the Four Seas Room. One of them had closely resembled the silver design that was now visible on the grain of rice.

“炼灵！”
“Spirit enhancement!”

好半晌，他长长的呼出一口气。
After a moment, he took a long, deep breath.

炼灵，是一种以特殊的方法，为物品强行注入天地之力的手段，如同代替天道行使造物之法，掠夺天地之力加持强化，无论是丹药香药还是法宝，都可以炼灵，故而遭天地所不允，所以存在一定的几率，一旦成功则可使得物品威力大增，而若失败，则会让物品直接在天地之力下成为废品。
Spirit enhancement was a special technique in which the energy of heaven and earth was forced into physical objects. It was a type of magic that essentially replaced the natural functions of nature, a technique which could be used on medicinal pills, incense, or magical items. Unfortunately, it was forbidden by heaven and earth, ensuring that the rate of success was limited. A success would lead to the item being vastly more powerful.


A failure would result in the spiritual energy of the item becoming completely useless.

且炼灵最惊人的，是可以叠加炼化，甚至若能成功炼灵十次，可以让物品出现翻天覆地的开天之变。
The most shocking thing about spirit enhancement was that it could be performed over and over again. Every success increased the effects of the spirit enhancement by tenfold, leading to heaven-shaking, earth-toppling transformations.

而越是珍贵之物，叠加炼灵后就越是恐怖。
Of course, the more precious the item was to begin with, the more terrifying the results of success would be.

只不过越到后面，成功的几率就越小，即便是一些炼灵大师，也都不敢轻易尝试，毕竟一旦失败的代价，难以承受。
Unsurprisingly, the chances of success decreased with each enhancement. In fact, after a certain point, even some spirit enhancement grandmasters wouldn’t dare to go any further. After all, the ramifications of a failure in that case would be difficult to accept.

“典籍上曾说，我灵溪宗的护宗至宝，就是一件莫大机缘下，炼灵了十次的天角剑！”
“The ancient records said that the Spirit Stream Sect’s guardian treasure is an item that was somehow enhanced ten times by spirit enhancement. The Heavenhorn Sword!”

白小纯觉得有些口干，咽下一口唾沫，目中已露出骇然，更有迷茫，下意识的看了看那口龟纹锅上的数十条黯淡的纹路，心脏跳动的速度，仿佛要从胸口里蹦出来一样。
Bai Xiaochun’s throat felt dry. Eyes shining with disbelief and confusion, he swallowed and looked over at the turtle-shaped wok. There were ten faint decorative lines on the back of it, and when he looked at them, his heart began to beat so hard it felt like it was about to burst out of his chest.

他此刻已确定，灵米之所以出现炼灵纹，一切的原因，就是这口锅！
As of this moment, he was sure that the design which had appeared on the spirit rice was a mark of spirit enhancement. Furthermore, the source of that design was none other than his wok!

踌躇一番，白小纯咬牙，若不解开这么谜团，他会睡不着觉，但也知道这口锅若真不俗，那么这等隐秘，万万不可让第二人知晓。
After a moment of hesitation, he gritted his teeth. If he didn’t get to the bottom of this mystery, he wouldn't be able to sleep. He knew for a fact that this wok was something extraordinary, and therefore, he couldn't let anyone in on his secret.

于是等到了深夜，这才小心翼翼的来到锅旁，深吸口气后，患得患失的将那把被他操控的木剑取出，按照当日扔下灵米的样子，扔到了锅中。
He waited until it was late in the night, then very quietly tip-toed over to the wok. After taking a deep breath and trying not to think about what would happen if he failed, he pulled out his woode n sword and threw it inside, the same way he had thrown the grain of rice in.

第五章 万一丢了小命咋办
chapter-5

那木剑一落入锅内，没有什么特别的变化，白小纯轻咦一声，不甘心的睁大了眼，仔细盯着木剑。
After waiting for what seemed like forever, nothing unusual happened. Bai Xiaochun looked thoughtfully at the patterns on the turtle-wok, and then looked down into the stove itself.

可等了半天，始终不见有什么奇异的事情发生，白小纯略一思索，看了眼龟纹锅上的纹路，又看了看火灶内的木头灰烬，若有所思，转身出了房间，片刻后回来时，手中已多了几块与之前火灶内一样的木头。
Nothing remained of the wood but ash so he left, to return a few minutes later with some more firewood.

这木头在火灶房内也不是特别寻常之物，他还是找了张大胖才要了一些。
Firewood for personal use wasn’t very common in the Ovens, so he’d been forced to go find Big Fatty Zhang to make a special request for some more.

将木头点燃，白小纯立刻看到龟纹锅上的第一条纹路，再次明亮起来，而那木火急速燃烧，渐渐熄灭，白小纯心神一动时，锅内的木剑突然银光刺目。
After kindling the fire, Bai Xiaochun once again focused on the first design on the turtle-wok. As the wood burned, the design lit up. Bai Xiaochun’s heart began to thump with excitement, and then suddenly, the woode n sword began to shine with blinding silver light.

白小纯后退几步，不多时光芒消散，他立刻感受到一股凌厉之意从锅中传出。
He backed up a few paces, after which the light slowly faded away, and a piercing sensation began to emanate out from inside the wok.

他深吸口气，小心的靠近，看到了锅内的木剑，出现了一道与灵米一样的，刺目的银纹，此纹正慢慢暗去，最终成为了暗银色！
He took a deep breath and carefully sidled up to the wok. The woode n sword, just like the grain of spirit rice, now had a bright silver design on it, which gradually faded to a deep silver color!

整个剑身都与之前略微不同，虽还是木质，可却给人一种金属的锋利之意，白小纯眼前一亮，上前谨慎的将这把木剑取出，感觉重了一些，拿到近处时，甚至有种寒芒逼人之感。
The sword appeared different than before. Although it was still made of wood, it now seemed more like it was made from metal. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes lit up as he carefully took the sword out of the wok. It felt heavier, and also emanated a certain coldness.

“成了，这木剑成功的炼灵一次。”
“It worked! My first spirit enhancement on the woode n sword worked!”

白小纯狂喜，拿着木剑爱不释手，又看了看那口锅，寻思着此物该如何处置，最后决定就放在这里，越是如此，就越是没人在意。
Bai Xiaochun fondled the sword ecstatically, then glanced over at the wok and tried to decide what to do with it. In the end, he decided to just leave it where it was. The more he treated it like an ordinary item, the less likely it was that anyone would pay attention to it.

至于灵米，吃了就是，而那木剑则轻易不可让人看到，白小纯琢磨着用一些染料盖住，或许可以减弱灵纹的光芒。
As for the spirit rice, he decided to eat it bit by bit over time. He would also be careful to not let anyone see the woode n sword. As an added measure, he came up with the idea of somehow painting over the glowing design.

想到这里，他整理一番，走出屋舍，装作没事人一样，直至数日后的夜晚，他将这段日子搜集的火灶房内的一些各色汁液刷在了木剑上，使得这把木剑看起来五颜六色，破破烂烂，随后又操控一番，发现灵纹的确被盖住了不少，不再那么明显后，这才满意的点了点头。
Finally, he tidied his room, then walked out nonchalantly, as if nothing unusual had occurred. Over the next few days, he collected some various liquid materials from the Ovens which he used to paint the sword, making it bright and colorful, albeit somewhat unsightly. The most important thing was that the spirit design was covered up well enough that it wasn’t obvious. In the end, Bai Xiaochun his head in satisfaction.


As the days passed, Bai Xiaochun became as comfortable with life in the


Ovens as a fish in water.

接下来的日子，白小纯在这火灶房内，如鱼得水，与几个师兄打成一片，对于火灶房的工作也都熟悉起来，尤其是不同的灵食需要的火也不一样，甚至还分什么一色火，二色火，他也明白了之前龟纹锅下的木头，就是产生一色火的灵木。
He quickly fit in with the other Elder Brothers, and also became familiar with the work that went on there. He soon found that different types of fire were necessary for cooking different spirit foods . In fact, the different types of fire were described in terms of color, there were one-colored flames, two-colored flames, and so on. The wood he had used earlier to heat the turtle-wok had been one-colored firewood.

尤其是张大胖对白小纯这里颇为喜欢，多加照顾，几个月后，倒也的确如张大胖曾经所说，让白小纯这里，渐渐胖了起来。
Big Fatty Zhang began to grow especially fond of Bai Xiaochun, and took special care of him. Furthermore, just as he’d said, after a few months passed, Bai Xiaochun was starting to gain weight.

如今的他，已不再是刚入宗门时的干瘦，整个人胖了好几圈，偏偏更为白净了，看起来越发的人畜无害，俨然向着白九胖这个名字去靠近了。
He was no longer the scrawny kid he had been when he had first joined the sect. He was fatter, but at the same time, his skin was also fairer and clearer than before. He also looked more harmless than ever, and was clearly reaching the point of being deserving of the title Ninth Fatty Bai.

至于加餐之事，也又经历了几次，不过让白小纯苦恼的，是他的体重见涨，但修行却始终缓慢，到了后来他索性不去想了，整天与几个师兄吃吃喝喝，好不自在，对于宗门内的很多事情，也在这几个月里，从张大胖那边听到了不少，对灵溪宗有了一定的了解。
He also experienced the special snack-time arrangement on more than one occasion. However, what Bai Xiaochun found especially frustrating was that, despite gaining weight, his cultivation seemed to progress as slowly as ever. Eventually, he stopped worrying about that and spent most of his time eating and drinking with his Elder Brothers. Life was good.


As the months passed, he heard bits of gossip about recent events in the Spirit Stream Sect.


In addition, Big Fatty Zhang taught him more about the sect in general.

知道了在宗门中分内门以及外门弟子，杂役若能修行到凝气三层，就可去闯各峰的试炼之路，若能成功，就可拜入所试炼之峰，成为此峰的外门弟子，也只有成为了外门弟子，才算是踏入了灵溪宗的门槛。
He learned that the sect disciples were divided into the Inner and Outer Sects. Any servant who could practice cultivation all the way to the third level of Qi Condensation would be able to challenge one of the trials by fire, which were paths that existed on the various mountain peaks in the sect. A servant who passed the trial by fire could join that mountain peak as an Outer Sect disciple.

不过此事如同鱼跃龙门，各峰的试炼之路每月开启只取前三，故而一年到头也成为外门弟子的人数，都是固定的。
Only by becoming an Outer Sect disciple could anyone truly become a part of the Spirit Stream Sect. However, accomplishing such a feat would count as a stunning accomplishment, and would be equivalent to the old saying about the fish leaping over the dragon gate. Only the top three competitors in the monthly trials by fire would be accepted, meaning that the number of people who could become an Outer Sect disciple was limited. On one particular day, Seventh Fatty had been scheduled to go out and purchase supplies, but ended up being busy with some other matters.


As a result, Big Fatty Zhang called for Bai Xiaochun and told him to stand in for


Seventh Fatty.

这一日，原本应该是七胖下山去采购，可却因事耽搁，张大胖一挥手，让白小纯下山一趟，白小纯迟疑了一下，想着好几个月不见许宝财再来，觉得应该没什么，但还是觉得不放心，回到房间取出七八把菜刀，又穿上了五六件皮衣，整个人都快成了一个球。
Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a moment, recalling the incident with Xu Baocai from a few months before. Although it probably wasn’t anything to worry about, he couldn’t shake his anxiety. Before leaving, he went back to his room and collected eight meat cleavers and also donned six long leather coats. By the time he was finished getting dressed, he looked like a round ball.

可觉得还是不安全，于是找了一口结实的锅，背在了背上，这才觉得有了安全感，摇摇晃晃的走出火灶房，下了山去。
However, he also felt much safer, which was the important thing. The last thing he did was strap his wok onto his back, leaving him feeling very safe. He then staggered out of the Ovens and dow n the mountain.

走在宗门的青石路上，白小纯看着四周美奂绝伦的庭院阁楼，一股深深的优越感，在心中悠然而起。
As he walked along the green limestone paths in the sect, he gazed around at the beautiful buildings and courtyards, and began to feel prouder than ever.


“How time flies!” he mused, clasping his hands behind his back.

“白驹过隙，人生如梦，我白小纯此生至今修行数月，回首凡尘时，遥想当年村子，满是唏嘘。”
“Life is like a dream. I, Bai Xiaochun, have only spent a few months practicing cultivation. However, as I think back to the mortal world, and my life in the village, it fills my eyes with tears.”

他感慨的自言自语，背着手，腰上挂着七八把菜刀，背部背着口黑锅，身上一层层皮袄，如同一个破烂的皮球，途中遇到了不少杂役，在看到他后，纷纷侧目。
He walked along with eight meat cleavers hanging from his belt, a wok on his back, and multiple layers of clothing, looking very much like a dilapidated toy ball. Occasionally, he would encounter other servants, who would stare at him out of the corners of their eyes as he passed.

尤其是几个女弟子，更是在看到白小纯后，被他的样子逗的掩口轻笑，笑声如银铃一样，颇为好听。
There were even a few female disciples who couldn’t help but laugh out loud when they saw him. They covered their mouths with their hands, and the sound of their laughter was like silver bells, clear and melodious.

白小纯圆脸微红，觉得自己越发威武，干咳一声，昂首挺胸向前走去。
Face slightly flushed, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but feel even more impressive than ever. Clearing his throat, he stuck his chest out and continued to saunter along.

没过多久，他还没等走出这第三峰的杂役区，忽然看到远处不少杂役，一个个都神色振奋，向着一个方向快速跑去，那里是第三峰的山路所在，平日是外门弟子出没的地方。
Before too m uch time had passed, and before he had even left the third peak’s servants’ district, he noticed that quite a few servants were rushing off into the distance, looking very excited. They appeared to be heading in the direction of the path that led up to the top of the third peak, a place where

渐渐地，更多的杂役都带着兴奋，纷纷奔跑，这一幕让白小纯一愣，赶紧从自己身边路过的众人中选了一个最瘦弱的少年，一把抓住。
Outer Sect disciples often congregated. More and more servants began running over in that direction, looking very excited. Surprised by the scene, Bai Xiaochun quickly grabbed a scrawny servant who happened to be running by.

“这位师弟，出了什么事啊？
“Junior Brother, what’s going on?”

怎么都往那里跑？” 白小纯好奇的问道。
Bai Xiaochun asked quizzically. “Why is everyone running over there?”

少年被人抓住身体，露出不悦，可看到白小纯背后的大黑锅后，目中立刻露出羡慕，神色也缓了下来。
The young man looked over angrily, but then saw the black wok on Bai Xiaochun’s back, and his expression turned envious. “I didn't realize you were from the Ovens, Elder Brother. Why don’t you come along?

“原来是火灶房的师兄，你也去看看吧，听说外门弟子中的天骄周宏与张亦德，正在山下的试炼场斗法，他二人有些私怨，听说都是凝气六层了，这等观景，怎么也要去看看，说不定可以参悟一二，有所收获。”
Two Chosen from the Outer Sect, Zhou Hong and Zhang Yide, are fighting it out in the trial by fire arena. Suppos edly, the two of them have a beef with each other. Whatever happens, they're both at the sixth level of Qi Condensation, so we should be able to learn a bit by watching them, and maybe even gain some enlightenment.”

少年解释后，生怕去晚了没有位置，赶紧向前跑去。
Finishing his explanation, the young man hurried off, apparently worried about missing out on any of the action.

白小纯大感好奇，也迈步跑了过去，跟着人流，不多时就出了杂役区，到了第三峰的山脚下，看到了在那里有一处庞大的高台。
Feeling very curious, Bai Xiaochun set off in a hurry, following the flow of people as they left the servants’ district and headed to the foot of the third peak, where a large raised platform could be seen.

这高台足有千丈大小，此刻四周密密麻麻围着无数杂役，甚至山上还有不少身影，衣着明显华贵不少，都是外门弟子，也在观望。
The platform was about 3,000 meters wide, and was surrounded by a crowd of servants. There were even people watching from positions further up on the mountain, all of whom wore resplendent clothing, and were clearly Outer Sect disciples.

至于高台上，此刻正有两个青年，穿着一样华贵的衣袍，一人脸上有疤，一人面白如玉，正彼此身影交错，有阵阵轰鸣之声传出。
Two young men occupied the platform, both of whom wore extravagant outfits. One of them had a scar running down his face, the other had skin as white as jade. The two of them were fighting back and forth, causing boom ing sounds to echo out.

这二人身体外都有宝光闪耀，疤脸青年面前一面小旗，无风自动，如有一只无形的手抓住挥舞，形成了一头雾虎，咆哮之声震耳欲聋。
The glow of magical items surrounded both of them. Floating in front of the scar-faced youth was a small flag that fluttered of its own volition, as if some invisible hand were waving it. The swirling flag formed the shape of a mist tiger, which let out deafening roars.

而那面白如玉的青年，则是身影穿梭，一把蓝色的小剑，划出阵阵灵痕，极为灵活的呼啸而去。
The jade-faced youth danced back and forth as he fought. He had a small blue sword which whistled through the air, leaving behind streaks of light.

这一幕看的白小纯睁大了眼，深吸口气，他也可以操控木剑，可与那面白如玉的青年比较，根本就难以对比。
When Bai Xiaochun saw the sword flying about, he gasped. Although he could control his own woode n sword in a similar way, it would be impossible to even compare his level of skill with that of the jade-faced young man.

尤其是这二人出手时似没有太多保留，杀气腾腾，甚至数次都颇为危险，以至于身上都多处伤口，虽然没有要害之处，但也看的触目惊心。
What was even more remarkable was how the two young men didn't seem to be holding anything back. Killing intent roiled off of them, and within a short time, numerous deadly situations arose. Both were heavily wounded, and despite the fact that the wounds weren’t critical, it was still a shocking sight.

这是白小纯第一次看到修士斗法，与他印象中的仙人截然不同，那种凶狠与戾气，让他心惊肉跳。
This was Bai Xiaochun’s first time seeing cultivators fighting, and it was very different from how he had imagined immortals would look when they fought. The cruel and vicious way they attacked each other left his heart pounding in fear. “Immortal cultivation isn’t just about living forever? What’s this fighting and killing all about?

“修仙 不就是为了长生么，干嘛打打杀杀，万一丢了小命咋办 ”白小纯咽下一口唾沫，当看到疤脸青年小旗幻化的雾虎带着凶残一口向着另一人吞噬而去时，白小纯擦了擦头上的汗水，觉得外面太危险了，还是回到火灶房安全一些。
What if I end up losing my poor little life?” Bai Xiaochun swallowed nervously as he watched the scar-faced youth’s mist tiger lunging voraciously at the other young man. Wiping the sweat from his brow, Bai Xiaochun suddenly realized that the outside world was a very dangerous place, it was probably a much better idea to stay back in the

想到这里，他赶紧后退，可就在他退后的同时，一声大吼从不远处传来。
Ovens where it was safe. Having reached this conclusion, he began to hurry off when, all of a sudden, he heard someone shouting his name.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!”

白小纯一回头，立刻看到当初写下血书的许宝财，正一脸狞笑的向自己冲来，其身前一把木剑散出不同寻常的光芒，显然不是凝气一层可比，此刻划出一道弧形，散出不弱的灵压，直奔白小纯而来。
He turned his head and saw the author of the blood notice, Xu Baocai, hurrying in his direction, a vicious expression on his face. A woode n sword floated next to him, glittering with an unusual light that clearly surpassed the first level of Qi Condensation. As the sword flew along, it left a streak of light in its wake, and sent a formidable spirit pressure emanating out.

白小纯眼看木剑来临，瞳孔一缩，立刻有种强烈的生死危机。
When Bai Xiaochun saw that woode n sword heading in his direction, his eyes went wide, and an intense sense of deadly crisis welled up in him.

“这是要弄死我啊！”
“He’s gonna kill me!” he thought.

意识到了这一点，他发出凄厉的惨叫，拔腿就跑。
Instantly, he began to run in the oppos ite direction, screaming “Murder!

“杀人了，杀人了 ”这声音之大，使得四周不少杂役都听到了，一个个纷纷诧异的看去，甚至高台上正在斗法的周宏与张亦德，也都彼此停顿了一下，可见音浪之大。
Murder!” The other servants in the area all heard, and looked over in shock. The cries were so loud that even Zhou Hong and Zhang Yide stopped fighting.

就连许宝财也都被吓了一跳，他明明只是喊了对方的名字追过来而已，剑还没有碰到对方，可白小纯的惨叫，如同是被自己在身上桶了几个窟窿一样。
In fact, even Xu Baocai was unnerved by the screams. He had obviously just yelled Bai Xiaochun’s name and then started to chase him. His sword hadn’t even touched Bai Xiaochun, and yet Bai Xiaochun was screaming as though he had been stabbed repeatedly.

“白小纯有本事你别跑！” 许宝财面色铁青，恨的牙根痒痒，直奔白小纯追来。
Xu Baocai hated Bai Xiaochun so much his gums itched. Face ashen, he ran after him, shouting “Come on, Bai Xiaochun, you know how to fight! What are you running away for?”

“我要有本事早弄死你了，我还跑个屁啊，杀人了，杀人了！”
“If I knew how to fight, why would I be running away, you moron? I would have killed you a long time ago! Murder! Murder!”

白小纯惨叫中速度极快，如同一个胖胖的兔子，转眼就快看不到影了。
Bai Xiaochun’s screams grew even louder as he fled in the oppos ite direction like a fat little bunny.

与此同时，在这山峰顶端，有一处悬出的庭阁，其内一中一老两个修士，正相对而坐，彼此下棋，中年的正是李青候，他对面的老者，满头白发，面色红润，目内有流光四溢，一看非凡，此刻扫了眼山下，笑了起来。
Meanwhile, in a building which jutted out into the air at the very peak of the mountain, two men were in the middle of playing a game of Go. One was middle-aged, the other was an old man. The middle-aged man was none other than Li Qinghou. As for the old man, he had a full head of white hair, and a ruddy complexion.


His eyes glittered brightly, and he was clearly no ordinary individual.


Currently, he was looking down at the scene playing out down below.

“青候，你带回来的那个小娃，有些意思。”
Chuckling, he said, “What an interesting child you brought back to the sect, Qinghou.”

“让掌门见笑了，此子性格还需再多磨炼一番。”
“How embarrassing, sect leader. The kid’s personality definitely needs a lot more work.”

李青候有些头疼，落下棋子后，摇头说道。
Feeling a headache coming on, Li Qinghou placed his game piece onto the board and then shook his head.

“火灶房那几个孩子都心高气傲，此子能与他们打成一片，不简单呀。” 老者摸了摸胡子，眼中露出揶揄之意。
“The kids in the Ovens are pretty stuck up, and yet this kid fits right in," scoffed the old man, stroking his beard. "Not an easy task.

第六章 灵气上头
Hmm” chapter-6

第三峰下，白小纯的惨叫声带着抑扬顿挫，一声声的不断回荡，引来无数杂役的诧异注目，可以清晰的看到，背着一口大黑锅，穿着七八件皮袄的白小纯，那微圆的身体顺着山下杂役区的小路，正卖力的奔跑。
The sound of Bai Xiaochun’s screams undulated through the air beneath the third peak, catching the astonished attention of numerous servants. All of them could clearly see Bai Xiaochun, black wok on his back, wearing several layers of clothing, running at breakneck speed through the servants’ district. He looked like a fat, round ball.

甚至远远一看，可能会看不清白小纯的身体，但一定能看到一口大黑锅如甲壳虫般在地面上飞奔。
From a distance, it was difficult to actually make out Bai Xiaochun himself, but you would definitely see the black wok, which made him look almost like a beetle as he flew along.

尤其是白小纯身上挂着的七八把菜刀，在他奔跑时相互碰撞，传出阵阵叮当之声。
Then there were the eight meat cleavers that hung from his belt, which clashed and clanked as he fled.

“杀人了，救命啊，我可不想死啊 ”白小纯一边跑一边喊，越跑越快，他身后的许宝财面色铁青，眼中露出强烈的凶芒，心底更有焦急与愤怒。
“Murder!” he hollered as he ran, picking up speed. “Someone save me! I don’t want to die” Xu Baocai was hot on his tail, face ashen, eyes gleaming ferociously and heart filled with both anxiety and rage.

这一路上他追着白小纯，四周很多杂役都被吸引，许宝财担心引起执事注意，心底有些发慌。
Chasing Bai Xiaochun this way was catching quite a bit of attention from the servants, and Xu Baocai was worried that the honor guard might notice. The nervousness in his heart continued to grow.

“别叫了，该死的，你小点声，你叫什么叫，闭嘴！”
“Quit screeching, dammit!” Xu Baocai raged. “Quiet down! What are you screaming for?

许宝财怒吼，咬牙切齿，双手掐诀，立刻身边的木剑刹那光芒一闪，速度快了一分，直奔前方的白小纯飞去。
Shut up!” Gritting his teeth, he performed a double-handed incantation gesture, causing the woode n sword to flicker with light and then shoot toward the fleeing Bai Xiaochun.

砰的一声，木剑直接撞击在了白小纯背后的黑锅上，传出阵阵嗡鸣的同时，白小纯却没事一样，继续飞奔。
A clang rang out as the woode n sword slammed into Bai Xiaochun’s black wok. As the noise echoed out, Bai Xiaochun continued running as if nothing had happened.

许宝财狠狠咬牙，眼前这白小纯背着大锅，挡住了大半个身体，无从下手，不甘心的再次追出。
Xu Baocai gnashed his teeth. The big wok on Bai Xiaochun’s back covered nearly half of his body , making it very difficult to hit him. However, feeling that he had little other choice, Xu Baocai continued to give chase.

二人一前一后，在这杂役区内不断奔跑。
And so they raced through the servants’ district, Bai Xiaochun leading the way, Xu Baocai running behind him.

“这家伙背了口锅，居然还跑的这么快！”
“This guy is pretty fast, even with that wok on his back!” thought Xu Baocai, huffing and puffing as he fell further behind in the chase.

许宝财气喘吁吁，眼看白小纯都快跑没影了，越追越是憋屈，以他凝气二层的修为，都已拿出了吃奶的力气，可对方却如同被踩了尾巴的兔子，自己怎么也都追不上。
His cultivation base was at the second level of Qi Condensation, and he was running as hard as he could. However, Bai Xiaochun was running with the passion of a rabbit whose tail had been stepped on. No matter what Xu Baocai did, he couldn't catch up.

更可恨的是，自己这里累的不得了，也都没把对方怎么样，可这白小纯叫的从始至终都没有减弱，跟杀猪似的。
More horrifying was that he was starting to get tired, and yet hadn’t even laid a finger on his oppon ent. In contrast, Bai Xiaochun didn't seem to be the least bit tired at all, and was also screaming like a pig at the slaughterhouse.

眨眼间，白小纯看到了前方火灶房的小路，眼中露出激动，那种看到家的感觉，让他差点热泪盈眶。
Soon, Bai Xiaochun caught sight of the little path leading to the Ovens, and his eyes glittered with excitement. He suddenly felt as though he were arriving home, and the sensation was so moving that he almost cried.

“师兄救命，杀人了！”
“Elder Brother, save me!” he cried. “He’s trying to murder me!”

白小纯大喊，直接就一溜烟的跑回到了火灶房，张大胖等人听到这凄惨的尖叫，纷纷一愣，立刻走出。
A trail of dust rose into the air behind him as he ran toward the Ovens at breakneck speed. Big Fatty Zhang and the others heard his screaming and hurried out, shocked expressions on their faces.

“师兄救我，许宝财要杀我，我小命差点就没了。”
“Elder Brother, save me! Xu Baocai is trying to kill me! My poor little life is on the line!”

白小纯赶紧躲在张大胖的身后。
Bai Xiaochun quickly scrambled behind Big Fatty Zhang.


Big Fatty Zhang’s eyes gleamed with a ferocious light as he looked around vigilantly, but he saw no one.

“许宝财？”
“Xu Baocai?” he asked.

张大胖闻言目中凶芒一闪，四下看去，可却没看到半个人影，正说着，才看到远处许宝财的身影，正气喘吁吁的跑来。 此刻白小纯也注意到了许宝财的身影，很是诧异。
It was at this point that Xu Baocai finally appeared, huffing and puffing as he ran dow n the path toward the Ovens. When Bai Xiaochun realized how far behind Xu Baocai was, a quizzical expression appeared on his face.

“咦，他怎么跑的那么慢。”
“Eee? Why is he running so slowly?”

张大胖低头看了眼白小纯，又看了眼喘着粗气刚刚到来的许宝财，脸上的肉抖了一下。
Big Fatty Zhang looked at Bai Xiaochun, and then back at the panting Xu Baocai. The motion caused the fat on his face to quiver a bit.

许宝财好不容易追到这里，刚一靠近就远远的听到了火灶房门旁白小纯诧异的话语，这声音落入他的耳中，只觉得胸口有一股闷气，整个人要炸了一样，大吼一声，右手向旁一甩，他身边的木剑呼啸而出，直接刺入一旁的大树。
Xu Baocai had expended a lot of effort in the chase, so as he neared the Ovens and then heard what Bai Xiaochun said, he was filled with so much rage that he felt like he was about to explode. With a roar, he waved his right hand, sending his woode n sword stabbing toward a nearby tree.

砰的一声，树木一震，出现了一个穿透而过的窟窿。
A bang could be heard, and the tree quivered as the sword pierced through it, leaving behind a gaping hole.

“白小纯，我与你势不两立！”
“Bai Xiaochun,” he cried, “our differences are irreconcilable!”

许宝财双眼充满血丝，死死的盯着白小纯，又看了看张大胖那庞大的身躯，转身恨恨离去。
His eyes were completely bloods hot as he glared at Bai Xiaochun, and then the hulking Big Fatty Zhang. Finally, he turned angrily and began to stalk off back down the path.

白小纯心脏怦怦的，看了眼那颗被穿透了的大树，又看了看歇斯底里的许宝财，努力咽下一口唾沫，心底升起阵阵不安。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart was pounding as he looked at the hole in the tree. Then he looked back at the fuming Xu Baocai, and swallowed hard as an uneasy feeling rose up in his heart.

张大胖望着许宝财的背影，目中有一抹阴冷闪过，回头拍下了白小纯的肩膀。
Big Fatty Zhang looked at Xu Baocai’s retreating figure, and his eyes flickered with a sinister gleam. Then he patted Bai Xiaochun on the shoulder.

“九师弟别怕，虽然这许宝财有点小小背景，可若他再敢来，我们师兄弟就打折他一条腿！”
“Don’t worry, Ninth Junior Brother. Xu Baocai might have some good connections in the sect, but if he dares show his face here again, we Elder Brothers will cut off one of his legs!”

说到这里，张大胖话锋一转。
Almost as soon as the words left his mouth, though, his tone changed.

“不过九师弟，最近能不出门还是不要出门了，你看你都瘦了，师兄给你好好补补，刚好过几天周长老过大寿。”
“Although, it would probably be best if you didn't leave the Ovens, Ninth Junior Brother. You’re looking a bit skinny, I think I should fatten you up a bit. After all, Elder Zhou is celebrating his decade-birthday in a few days.”

白小纯心不在焉的点了点头，目光始终望着被许宝财穿透的树窟窿。
Bai Xiaochun nodded his head absentmindedly as he stared at the hole Xu Baocai’s woode n sword had left in the tree.

直至跟着几个师兄回到了火灶房，在他的房间内，白小纯坐在那里，心里越想越是不安，对方的木剑居然可以将树穿出个窟窿，若是在自己身上，岂不是死无全尸。
He then followed his Elder Brothers back into the Ovens. Later, he sat in his room, brooding and feeling more uneasy than ever. The fact that his oppon ent could send a wooden sword through a tree meant that if it had hit him, he would definitely be a corpse now.

“不行，除非我这辈子不出火灶房了，否则一旦出去，他把我堵住怎么办 ”白小纯脑海里始终挥不散的，是许宝财临走前那带着强烈怨毒的目光。
“This isn’t gonna work, not unless I plan on staying inside the Ovens for the rest of my life. What if he catches me next time I go out?” Bai Xiaochun just couldn’t stop thinking about the venomous look Xu Baocai had cast his way before leaving.

“我来这里是为了长生，不能死啊 ”没有安全感的忐忑，让白小纯这里眼睛都渐渐出了血丝，好半晌后，他狠狠一咬牙。
“I came here to live forever, not to die” The feeling of insecurity and anxiety caused Bai Xiaochun’s eyes to slowly become shot with blood. After a long moment passed, he gritted his teeth.

“奶奶的，拼了，我拼起命来自己都害怕！”
“Fudge! I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna go all-out! I'm gonna go so all-out that I’ll terrify myself, let alone everyone else!”

白小纯目中血红，他性格与其说是怕死，不如说是严重的缺少安全感，今天经历了这一幕，对他刺激极大，将他性子里的执着激发出来。
His eyes were now completely bloods hot. Instead of saying that Bai Xiaochun was the type of person who was afraid of dying, it would be more accurate to say that he was simply insecure. The ordeal he had just gone through had only served to stoke his determination.

“我要修行，我要变强！”
“I’m gonna practice cultivation! I'm gonna get stronger!”

白小纯喘着粗气，下定了决心，立刻就拿出紫气驭鼎功的竹书，看着第二幅图，红着眼修行起来。
Bai Xiaochun’s breath came in ragged pants as he made his decision. He pulled out the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art bamboo scroll, opened it up to the second illustration, and then immediately began to practice cultivation.

他虽怕死，可却有一股狠劲，要不然也不能每次点香都担心被雷劈，可还是坚持三年点了十三次。
He was afraid of dying, but he was also viciously persistent. Were he not, he would never have been able to light that stick of incense thirteen times throughout the years, despite the threat of the lightning.

此刻发起狠来，按照第二幅图的动作，死死的坚持，这平日里只能坚持十息左右的第二幅图，这一次竟被他坚持到了十五息。
Grinning with vicious determination, he assumed the posture in the second illustration, tenaciously maintaining the pose. Before, he had only been able to last for about ten breaths of time, but this time, he actually lasted for fifteen.


He ended up wracked with pain, forehead dripping with great drops of sweat.

任凭体内酸痛，汗珠子在额头不断地滴下，白小纯目中的狠意始终不减，直至坚持到了二十息，三十息时，体内气脉小溪猛地增加了一成，而他这里也眼前发黑，半晌才大口的喘气，但也只是放松了片刻，就又开始修行。
However, the vicious gleam in his eye didn’t fade. Soon, he was able to last for twenty breaths of time, then thirty. The small stream that was the qi vessel in his body was now ten percent complete. Gasping for breath, vision fading to black, he finally rested for a moment, then started cultivating again.


The night passed relatively uneventfully.


Soon it was the next day.


And the day after that.

一夜无话，第二天，第三天，第四天 一连十五天，白小纯除了吃喝拉撒外，就从来没出过房间，这种枯燥的事情，对于刚刚修行的人来说，是很难以坚持，可他竟没有半点放弃。
And yet another day Eventually fifteen days went by. Other than eating and visiting the restroom, Bai Xiaochun never left his room. To someone who had just begun the practice of cultivation, such tediousness was usually difficult to endure. However, Bai Xiaochun didn't even come close to giving up.


Big Fatty Zhang and the others were shocked by his relentless practice of cultivation.

张大胖等人也被白小纯的修行惊到了，要知道紫气驭鼎功的修行，并非易事，原则上虽容易学习，可每一层的动作摆出的久了，会有难以形容的剧痛，需要莫大的毅力，才可长久坚持，平日里宗门的杂役，往往都是数日修行一次罢了。
It must be stated that cultivating the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art was no easy task. In principle, it was relatively simple. However, the postures that had to be maintained to reach the various levels all led to unimaginable pain, and therefore required incredible perseverance.


Normally speaking, the servants in the sect would give up after only a few days of trying to cultivate it.

眼下白小纯连续修行半个月，张大胖等人纷纷过来看望，看到了一个与他们记忆里这几个月完全不同的白小纯。
Therefore, when Big Fatty Zhang and the others saw Bai Xiaochun continue to cultivate it for more than half a month, they felt like they were observing an entirely different person than the one they had met a few months ago.

他衣衫褶皱，头发乱糟糟的，双眼都是血丝，整个人看起来很是狼狈，可却偏偏非常的认真，哪怕再痛苦，也都始终没有停止。
His clothes grew wrinkled, his hair became disheveled, his eyes were completely bloods hot. He seemed completely bedraggled, and at the same time, completely focused. Regardless of the pain he felt, he never gave up.

甚至他的身体，也都明显了瘦了一大圈，而身体内散出的灵威，一样明显的增加了大半，竟无限的接近了凝气一层大圆满。
Another thing that happened was that he began to lose some of the fat he had built up. At the same time, the spirit pressure he radiated increased by more than fifty percent. He was now very close to the great circle of the first level of Qi Condensation.

似乎是把堆积在脂肪内的天材地宝，以一种极端的方式生生的炼化出来，成为自身修为的一部分，连带着身躯都比寻常人结实不少。
Apparently, all of the precious materials he had eaten had built up in his fat. By practicing cultivation in the way he was, it was forcing those items to materialize as part of his cultivation base. It also ended up making his body tougher than the average person.

“九师弟，休息一下吧，你都没日没夜的修行了大半个月了。”
“Ninth Junior Brother, why don’t you take a break? You’ve been practicing cultivation nonstop for more than half a month.”

张大胖等人连忙劝说，可看到的却是抬起头的白小纯目中坚定的目光，那种执着让张大胖等人心神震动。
Big Fatty Zhang and the others tried to persuade him to stop. However, when he looked up at them, they saw a gleam of determination in his eyes that left them shaken. Time passed.

时间流逝，转眼白小纯已修行整整一个月，这一个月来，他的疯狂，让张大胖等人触目惊心，用张大胖的话来说，白小纯不是在修行，是在玩命啊。
Soon, Bai Xiaochun had been practicing cultivation like mad for a full month. Big Fatty Zhang and the others were shocked. In fact, Big Fatty Zhang even said, “He’s not cultivating, he’s killing himself!”

第二幅图的时间，也在白小纯的这般修行下，终于突破了一百息，达到了一百五十多息，他体内的灵气已不是小溪，而是明显庞大了不少。
By this point in his cultivation, Bai Xiaochun could hold the pose in the second illustration for longer than 100 breaths of time. Soon, he reached 150 breaths of time. The spiritual energy inside of him was not a small stream any more. It was far, far larger than that.

直至又过去了一个月，张大胖等人一个个都胆颤心惊，生怕有一天白小纯会生生把自己给玩死，甚至打算悄悄去废掉许宝财时，一声轰鸣在白小纯的房间内传出。
Another month passed. Big Fatty Zhang and the others trembled in fear, worried that Bai Xiaochun really was killing himself from working too hard. Even as they were working up a plan to go get rid of Xu Baocai, a huge rumbling could be heard coming from Bai Xiaochun’s hut.

随着声音的回荡，一股凝气第二层的灵压，立刻从白小纯所在之地爆发出来，扩散方圆十多丈的范围，让正在做饭的张大胖等人立刻抬头看去，一个个全部动容。
As the sound echoed about, the spirit pressure of the second level of Qi Condensation erupted out from the hut, spreading for dozens of meters in all directions. As soon as Big Fatty Zhang and the others sensed it, they looked up with expressions of shock.

“小师弟突破了！”
“Little Junior Brother has broken through!”

“凝气第二层，虽然在我们火灶房不定时有加餐，可不到半年时间，成为凝气二层，这也是少见的很。”
“The second level of Qi Condensation! He hasn’t even partaken of the Ovens’ snack arrangement for more than half a year, and he’s already reached the second level of Qi Condensation! That’s pretty rare!”

“当年我到凝气二层时，用了整整一年的时间 ”就在张大胖等人感慨时，白小纯所在的房门，吱嘎一声打开，满脸疲惫，一身邋遢，可目中却精芒闪闪的白小纯，迈步走出。
“It took me a whole year to reach the second level of Qi Condensation” Even as they were making exclamations of shock, a crash could be heard as Bai Xiaochun’s door opened, and he burst out, looking exhausted and disheveled. However, his eyes were glittering brightly.

张大胖等人刚要上前打招呼，却见白小纯身体一晃，竟灵巧的落在了火灶房院子的篱笆墙上，背着双手站在那里，昂首傲然的遥望远方，神色故作深沉，一副高手寂寞的样子。
Big Fatty Zhang and the others were just about to hurry over to offer congratulations when Bai Xiaochun flashed through the air and nimbly landed on the bamboo fence that surrounded the Ovens. He clasped his hands behind his back and tilted his head up proudly, looking off into the distance with a profound gleam in his eyes. He looked every bit like a proud, lonesome hero. Big Fatty Zhang and the others exchanged dismayed glances.

“他站在那里干嘛？
“What is he standing there for?

样子怪怪的 ”
He looks so weird”

“小师弟这是 走火入魔了？”
“Did little Junior Brother get possessed or something?”

张大胖等人面面相觑。 就在众人被白小纯这样子弄的诧异时，耳边听到了白小纯在篱笆墙上，刻意发出的老气横秋的声音。
Almost as soon as they looked over at Bai Xiaochun and his odd appearance, they heard his voice echoing out, sounding proud and wise. “Xu Baocai is a consummate Chosen among the servants of the Spirit Stream


Sect, matchlessly vicious, and famous far and wide.


His cultivation base is even in the terrifying second level of Qi Condensation.


However, my cultivation base is also in the second level of Qi Condensation.


A fight between us will be an even match.

“许宝财身为灵溪宗杂役里的绝世天骄，凶名赫赫，天下无人不知，修为更是达到了惊人的凝气二层，而我也是凝气二层，我与他这一战，势均力敌，虽然能名传天下，轰动宗门，但必定血肉模糊，骨断筋伤 不行，此战至关重要，我还要继续修行！”
It will likely be a fight talked about in all the lands, a battle that will shake the entire sect. However, it must be fought, no matter how much blood and gore flows, no matter how many bones are shattered and tendons wait a second. No, this battle is far, far too important. I have to keep practicing cultivation!”

说完，白小纯深沉的看了一眼远方，小袖一甩，重新回到了屋舍内，砰的一声，随着房门关闭，张大胖等人一个个咽了口唾沫，你看看我，我看看你，好半晌，黑三胖不确定的问了一句。
Having finished speaking, Bai Xiaochun looked around for a moment, then flicked his sleeve and returned to his room. The door slammed shut behind him as he began another session of secluded meditation. Big Fatty Zhang and the others swallowed hard, and exchanged glances.

“难道咱们给师弟吃错了什么东西？”
Finally, Third Fatty Hei said, “Don’t tell me we gave Junior Brother some spoiled food? ” Second Fatty Huang shivered and replied, “Oh no! This is bad! Junior

“完了完了，师弟灵气上头，修疯了 咱们别惹他！”
Brother is drunk on spiritual energy! He’s gone crazy from cultivation We mustn’t provok e him now!”

黄二胖身上哆嗦了一下，确定的说道。


第七章 龟纹认主
chapter-7

接下来的日子，张大胖等人看向白小纯的草屋时，一个个都随时留意，自从白小纯修为突破到了凝气第二层，外出一番自言自语后，他在屋舍内的修行，又持续起来。
In the following days, Big Fatty Zhang and the others kept a constant eye out on Bai Xiaochun’s thatched hut. As for Bai Xiaochun, breaking through to the second level of Qi Condensation gave him quite a boos t in self-confidence, and he continued to focus on cultivation.

屋舍内，白小纯擦去额头的汗，光着身子，忍着剧痛咬牙切齿的努力去摆出第三幅图的动作。
Currently, he was in his room, wiping the sweat from his brow. He was buck naked, gritting his teeth against the pain as he tried to maintain the posture of the third image in the bamboo s croll.

体内的气脉已不再是溪流，而是快要成为了一条小河，在他的身体里游走，每游走一个周天，他的身体就会传出咔咔之声，原本圆圆的身体，此刻已彻底的瘦了下来，甚至比刚来到火灶房时还要瘦了一圈。
His qi vessel was no longer a flowing stream, but rather, a small river. It flowed through his body , and with every rotation, cracking sounds would emanate out from inside of him. His previously rotund body was now thin once again, and in fact, he was even thinner than when he had first arrived in the Ovens.

但却有阵阵力劲，似在他的身体内蕴藏，随着修行的坚持，他干瘦的身体仿佛全身皮肉都在微微跳动，甚至仔细去听，隐隐可以听到他心脏的怦怦声回荡屋舍。
However, there seemed to be energy building up in his body . As he continued to practice cultivation, the flesh and muscle that covered his skinny frame pulsed with power. In fact, if you listened carefully, you would even be able to hear the sound of his heartbeat echoing about in his room.

越来越多的灵压，在他体内不断地凝聚，这种每时每刻都在强大的感觉，让白小纯动力更多，直至又过去了数日，白小纯全身猛地刺痛，这种刺痛比以往要剧烈了太多太多，让他不得不放弃。
More and more spirit pressure was condensing inside of him, filling Bai Xiaochun with a feeling of increasing power. After several more days passed, the pain increased to point where it was simply too much, and he had to give up.

喘着粗气，白小纯眼睛里都是血丝，他有种强烈的感觉，自己的身体似乎支撑不住了，虽然在修行时会不断地自行吸收来自四周的天地灵力，可却明显跟随不上身体的消耗，而火灶房的加餐也看运气，不是每天都有。
He was left panting, eyes completely bloods hot. He had the strong feeling that he simply couldn't continue on this way. Although he naturally absorbed the spiritual power of heaven and earth while cultivating, that flow simply couldn't keep up with how much power he was wasting. Furthermore, the


Ovens’ snack arrangement wasn’t a regular occurrence, and only happened on lucky occasions.


Most other people cultivated the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art by practicing it once every few days.

毕竟别人修行这紫气驭鼎功，大都是数日一次，就算是勤快的，也最多一天一次而已，他这里没日没夜无时无刻的进行，莫说是张大胖等人骇然，即便是宗门的内门弟子若知晓，也都会大吃一惊。
Even people who were more devoted would only practice it once per day. In contrast, Bai Xiaochun had been practicing nonstop. It was no small wonder that Big Fatty Zhang and the others were shocked. In fact, many Inner Sect disciples would have been astonished to hear about what he was doing.

只是修炼到这般程度，白小纯觉得还是不安全，他性格一向热衷稳妥保险，于是将他藏起来的那粒炼灵一次的灵米取出，拿在手里看了看后，用寻常的锅将其煮熟，随着灵气的散出，他没有迟疑，立刻大口吞下。
However, having reached this level of cultivation still left Bai Xiaochun feeling insecure and uneasy. After all, he was the type of person who would rather be safe than sorry. Finally, he pulled out the grain of spirit rice that he had enhanced and looked at it for a long moment before using an ordinary wok to cook it up. After the spiritual energy began to waft out of it, he quickly gobbled it dow n.

灵米入口即化，形成了浓郁的灵气，比寻常灵米多了太多倍，完全不是一个层次的磅礴之力，在他体内轰的一声奔腾开来，白小纯赶紧修行，摆出第三幅的图的样子，调整呼吸。
As soon as the spirit rice entered his mouth, it turned into a thick blast of spiritual energy that was exponentially more powerful than ordinary spirit rice. In fact, the two types couldn’t even be considered to be on the same level. As the rumbling sounds echoed out inside of him, he began to practice cultivation. He instantly assumed the posture in the third illustration, and at the same time, began to regulate his breathing.

就这样，半个月后的一天深夜，白小纯身体猛地一震，睁开眼时，赫然发现自己的修为，竟不知不觉的突破了凝气第二层，成为了凝气第三层。
Half a month later, deep in the night, a tremor ran through Bai Xiaochun, and he opened his eyes. He suddenly realized that at some indeterminable point, he had actually broken through from the second level of Qi Condensation to the third level.

这种变化让白小纯立刻狂喜，目中露出振奋，大笑起来，他看着自己的身体，体内的气脉已彻底从溪流蜕变，成为了一条小河。
This development caused him to go wild with joy. Excitement filled his eyes, and he began to laugh uproariously. Examining himself, he realized that the qi vessel inside of him had thoroughly transformed into a small river.

这小河在体内飞速的游走，速度之快超出了之前太多太多，甚至他只需一个念头，体内的灵气就会刹那随他心意游走到身体任何位置。
The small river circulated through his body at high speed, moving far, far faster than it had before. In fact, he could even send the spiritual energy around to different parts of his body , all with a simple thought.

“凝气三层！
“The third level of Qi Condensation!

这炼灵一次的灵米果然不凡！”
That spirit enhancement was incredible!”

白小纯站起身，舔了舔嘴唇，有心再弄出几粒炼灵的灵米，但却感受到体内经脉有些膨胀，想起竹书上的介绍，知晓需让身体适应一番，短时间不可继续修行。
He rose to his feet, licking his lips at the thought of producing another spirit-enhanced grain of spirit rice. However, it was at this point that he remembered something the bamboo scroll had mentioned about the growth of internal meridians. Right now, he needed to let his body adapt to the expanded meridians, and temporarily couldn’t continue to practice cultivation.

这才压下之前的念头，在房间内走来走去，一副踌躇满志的样子，可很快就脚步一顿，目光顺着窗户看向外门，尽管是深夜，可借助月光依稀可以看到火灶房外小路上的那颗大树。
Putting his idea about the spirit rice on the back burner, he walked out of his room, all the while looking extremely proud of himself. However, almost as soon as he set foot out the door, he caught sight of the little path outside of the Ovens, and the tree with the hole in it. Although it was late at night, the tree was clearly visible in the moonlight.

“不行，许宝财的木剑似乎有些不寻常，就算到了凝气三层，也还有些不保险！”
“This won’t do. Xu Baocai’s woode n sword is obviously beyond ordinary. Even being in the third level of Qi Condensation won't guarantee my safety!”

白小纯皱起眉头，沉思片刻后看了眼身边的五颜六色的木剑，又看了看屋舍内的那口锅。
Frowning, he stood there in thought for a moment before taking out his own multi-colored woode n sword. Then he looked back at the wok inside his room.

“要是能炼灵两次，或许能稳妥一些。”
“I think I’ll feel a bit more confident if I do a second spirit enhancement,” he thought.

他想到这里，立刻有了决断，走出房间在火灶房取了一些灵木。
Without any further hesitation, he retrieved some of the Ovens’ spirit wood.

准备完毕后，在这一天深夜，白小纯站在那口神秘的锅旁，点燃了木火，看到一道纹亮了后，将木剑扔到了锅内。
After getting fully prepared, he stood in front of his mysterious wok and kindled the fire. Once the design on the wok lit up, he tossed the woode n sword inside.

可这一次等了好久，始终没反应，白小纯皱起眉头，看了眼龟纹锅上的纹，又看了看其下的木火已成灰烬，沉吟少卿，再出去找了一些灵木，可几次之后，任凭火焰如何燃烧，都始终不见木剑有丝毫变化。
However, after waiting for quite some time, there didn’t seem to be any reaction. Bai Xiaochun frowned and looked at the design on the turtle-wok, then glanced down and realized that the fire had already burned out. Nothing but ash remained of the wood. Muttering to himself, he went out to find some more spirit wood.


However, after burning several more batches, he didn’t see any difference in the woode n sword.

“这些都是一色火的木头，莫非是温度不够，需要更高热度的 二色火？”
“These pieces of firewood are all for one-colored flames,” he thought. “Maybe that’s just not hot enough. Maybe I need the heat of a two-colored flame?”

白小纯想到这里，走出房门，再次回来时，手中已拿着一块紫色的木头，此木火灶房所剩不多，白小纯只找到一根。
He left his room again and found a piece of violet-colored firewood, which was relatively rare in the Ovens. In fact, after searching for a while, he could only find a single piece.

将其放在锅下燃起后，立刻有火焰出现，这火焰由两种颜色组成，正是高度高了很多的二色火！
After kindling it, the flame appeared, a two-colored flame that was far hotter than a one-colored flame!

只见这二色火刚一出现，龟纹锅上的第二道纹，竟一瞬明亮，而那二色火却飞速黯淡，仿佛一下子被抽走了全部火力，不多时，当二色火彻底燃烧成灰烬后，龟纹锅上的第二道灵纹，已然亮起。
Almost as soon as the two-colored flame touched the surface of the turtle- wok, the second design began to shine brightly. As for the flame itself, it rapidly began to fade away, apparently the power of the flame was being sucked away. Soon, the two-colored flame had burned out, leaving behind nothing but ash. However, the turtle-wok’s second design was now shining brightly.

“成了！”
“It worked!” he thought, eyes shining.

白小纯眼睛一亮，连忙把木剑放在锅内，顿时银光蓦然闪耀，时间竟比之前炼灵一次时长了数息。
He quickly put the woode n sword back inside, whereupon silver light began to shimmer. This time, it lasted for several breaths of time longer than the first time he had done the spirit enhancement. The light began to dim, but then, it suddenly flared up and shot directly toward Bai Xiaochun.

眼看慢慢就要黯淡，可突然的，银光竟猛地大涨，直奔白小纯而来，这变化突如其来，白小纯来不及反应，眼前一花，一股无法形容的冰寒，瞬间如冰封一样，融入白小纯体内，他骇然的发现自己根本就无法阻挡，眼睁睁的看着那股冰寒在体内狠狠的一抽。
This sudden change occurred so quickly that he couldn’t even react. His vision swam with light as an indescribably cold sensation washed through him. It almost felt as if he were being frozen over. There was nothing he could do to stop it from happening, it felt as if the coldness was viciously grabbing at his insides.

他整个人面色立刻苍白，眼前模糊时，好似体内有什么东西，一下次被吸了出来，融入到了那口龟纹锅内。
His face went pale, and his vision blurred. It was as if something inside of him was being sucked out and merged into the turtle-wok.

直到这时，银光才消散，一把比曾经更为犀利，甚至让人看去时都觉得眼睛刺痛的木剑，蓦然在锅内出现。
Finally, the silver light faded away, and within the wok, the wooden sword appeared, sharper than ever. In fact, it was so sharp that looking at it hurt the eyes.

此剑虽然看起来还是花花绿绿破破烂烂，可其内的木质纹路已然改变，若擦去涂料可以清晰的看到那些纹路散出星芒，这把剑，已经彻彻底底的从根本上改变了。
Although it was still painted gaudily, the veins of the wood inside had already changed. If you scraped away the paint, you would find that they seemed to be filled with starlight, as if the sword had been thoroughly and completely transformed.

几乎在这木剑出现的同时，灵溪宗南岸的天空上，赫然有一声声雷霆轰隆隆的回荡，仿佛有苍穹怒吼传出，震动了无数灵溪宗的修士，好在这雷声来的快，去的也快。
In virtually the same moment as the new woode n sword appeared, thunder crackled in the air above the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect. It was almost as if the Heavens were rumbling in rage, causing shock to rise up in the hearts of countless cultivators in the Spirit Stream Sect. However, almost as soon as the thunder crackled out, it was gone.

在那雷声回荡间，木剑的剑身上，第二道银纹出现，连续闪动了几下，这才暗淡，消失在了涂抹的杂色下。
As the thunder was boom ing, a second silver design appeared on the woode n sword. After flickering for a moment, the design faded away into the gaudy paint.

白小纯顾不得去看木剑，脸色阴晴不定的退后几步，身体摇摇欲坠，好半晌才恢复过来，方才那一瞬的感觉，让他想起来就心有余悸。
Bai Xiaochun, however, couldn't even look at the sword. He staggered backward, a grim look on his face. After a long moment passed, he recovered his composure, although fear still lingered in his heart.

“从我身体里抽走了什么 ”他忐忑中目光落在了挂在墙壁的铜镜上，下意识的看了一眼后，揉了揉眼睛又仔细去看，渐渐整个人呆如木鸡。
“What did it suck out of me?” he thought, nervously looking at his reflection in the copper mirror on the wall. After examining himself closely for a moment, he rubbed his eyes, then gaped at his reflection, looking as shocked as a woode n chicken.

镜子内的他，额头的发梢里，多出了一根白头发，而他的样子虽然没有改变，可他怎么看都觉得似乎老了一岁。
There in the mirror, he could see that at the very top of his forehead was a white hair. Although his face didn't look any different, he couldn't shake the feeling that the white hair made him look at least a year older.

“寿命！” 白小纯失魂落魄的喃喃低语。
“My lifespan!” he murmured, aghast. “Just now, my lifespan was reduced.

“方才少的，是我的寿命，我 我 ”他欲哭无泪，他来修行的目的就是为了长生，可如今长生还没有得到，反而少了一年的寿命，这对他来说，打击可谓巨大。
My my” He wanted to cry, but no tears would come. His whole purpose in learning about cultivation was to live forever. Now, instead of reaching the goal of living forever, he had actually lost one year of his lifespan, which was a huge blow.

“亏本了 想不到我白小纯稳妥了小半辈子，竟然也有失足的时候 ”他呆呆的坐在那里，苦笑起来，平静以后，他抬头看向那口龟纹锅，但却双眼慢慢露出奇怪之意，他隐隐有种感觉，似乎寿元被吸走后，自己与那口龟纹锅，存在了某种联系，仿佛可以对其控制。
“Screwed How could I ever have imagined that I, Bai Xiaochun, would be so careful in life, only to end up screwing myself like this” He sat there in a daze for a while before finally chuckling bitterly. After calming himself down, he looked back at the turtle-wok, whereupon a strange gleam gradually rose in his eyes. For some reason, after having some of his longevity sucked away, it now felt like there was some sort of connection between him and the wok, as if he could actually control it now.

他心中一动，右手抬起向着锅一指。
Heart thumping, he extended his hand and poi nted a finger at it.

立刻这龟纹锅乌光一闪，竟瞬间缩小，直奔白小纯而来，眨眼间消失在了他的指尖中，白小纯一愣，猛地站起退后几步，低头看了看自己的手指，又看了看空空的火灶。
The turtle-wok immediately flickered, shrank down, and flew toward Bai Xiaochun. In the blink of an eye, it disappeared into the tip of his finger. Eyes wide with shock, Bai Xiaochun leapt to his feet and backed up a few steps.

“这 这 ”他右手再次一指地面，乌光闪耀，砰的一声，那口锅又出现了。
He looked dow n at his finger, and then back at the empty stove. “This this” He pointed his finger down at the ground, and a black gleam of light flashed, and a clanking sound rang out as the wok appeared once more.

白小纯连续尝试了好几次，表情阴晴不定，既有喜悦，又有惆怅，最后还是叹了口气。
After experimenting a few more times, his expression flickered from grim, to delighted, to mournful. Finally, he sighed.

“虽然此刻可以收入体内，可代价是一年的寿元，怎么想都还是亏本啊。”
“Well, I can suck this thing into my body , but the price I had to pay was a year of longevity. How come it still seems like I screwed myself?”

第二天午后，白小纯正琢磨有什么办法把自己被吸走的寿元补回来时，忽有所查，猛地抬头，感受到了在火灶房外，有七八道身影疾驰而来。
The next day at noon, Bai Xiaochun was trying to figure out a way to get back the longevity which had been sucked away from him. He was in the middle of doing some research when, all of a sudden, he looked up. He had just sensed that there were eight people heading toward the entrance of the Ovens.

凝气一层时白小纯察觉不到，可如今凝气三层，他立刻就感受到了那七八个身影里，当首之人正是许宝财。
That was something he would never have been able to detect when only in the first level of Qi Condensation. However, now that he was in the third level, he could instantly sense that one of the eight people was none other than Xu Baocai.

与此同时，许宝财的声音，带着愤恨，蓦然传来。
Almost at the same time, Xu Baocai’s voice suddenly rang out, filled with fury and hatred.

“白小纯，你有师兄守着，我许宝财也有，今日你我之间的恩怨，该了断了。”
“Bai Xiaochun, you have Elder Brothers to protect you, but so do I! Today, the enmity between the two of us is going to end permanently!”

第八章 我和你拼了！
chapter-8

眼看许宝财找上门来，白小纯猛地站起身。
As soon as he realized that Xu Baocai was coming, Bai Xiaochun shot to his feet.

“来的好快 ”他眼中露出迟疑，虽然这小半年来，他做了十足的准备，可还是觉得自己没准备好，原本按照他的想法，是等到了凝气第四层后，才能保险。
“Well, he came sooner than expected” he thought, his eyes flickering with hesitation. Although he had done everything he could to prepare in the last half-year or so, he still didn't feel ready. As far as he was concerned, the best option would have been to go into the conflict in the fourth level of Qi Condensation.

可眼下对方既然带着七八人个人一起来了，白小纯知道躲不过了，于是狠狠一咬牙。
Only then would he have felt safe. Seeing that Xu Baocai had come with a group of seven others, Bai Xiaochun knew that hiding wasn’t an option. Gritting his teeth, he said, “Fine!

“拼了！”
I’m gonna go for it!”

他深吸口气，穿上了七八件皮袄，又将煮灵米的备用锅背在背上，这才紧张的推开房门，走了出去。
Taking a deep breath, he quickly donned eight leather coats, and then attached his backup wok to his back. Only then did he nervously open his door and step out.

几乎在他走出的同时，张大胖等人也都拎着菜刀大勺气势汹汹的在火灶房的大门前，与许宝财等人对持。
The first thing he saw was Big Fatty Zhang and the others out by the front gate, hefting meat cleavers and huge kitchen ladles as they blocked the path of Xu Baocai and his friends.

“我说怎么今早听到乌鸦在叫，原来是你们这群监事房只懂得压榨同门的兔崽子，来我们火灶房撒野！”
“I was wondering why I heard the crows squawking this morning,” Big Fatty

张大胖冷哼一声，站在那里如同小山，声音如雷，传遍四周。
Zhang roared, his voice echoing like thunder as he stood there, tall and mountain-like. “As it turns out, a bunch of brats from the Supervisors’


Department decided to come cause a scene here in the Ovens!”

“张大胖，别人忌惮你火灶房，但我们监事房可不在乎你们，我们接到许师弟的哭诉，今日过来行使监事房的权利，你敢反抗？”
“Other people might be scared of the Ovens, Big Fatty Zhang, but the Supervisors’ Department doesn’t give a crap about you. We received a complaint from Junior Brother Xu, and we're here with the authority of the Supervisors’ Department.


Do you really dare to resist us?”

许宝财身边的七八个身影，一个个都神色傲然，他们的衣着虽也是杂役打扮，可袖口处却有一个明显的监字，代表了他们监事房的权利以及身份的非同寻常。
Seven arrogant- looking men clustered around Xu Baocai. Although they wore servant uniforms, their sleeves were conspicuously embroidered with the character ‘Supervisor,’ indicating that they were from the Supervisors’ Department, and had a status and power beyond ordinary servants.

尤其是其中一个大汉，更是虎背熊腰，散出凝气三层的灵压，眼中寒芒闪过，冷眼望着张大胖，对于张大胖身边的其他人，视若无睹。
One of the men was a burly fellow who looked as tough as a tiger and as sturdy as a bear. He emanated the spirit pressure of the third level of Qi Condensation, and his eyes glittered coldly as he stared at Big Fatty Zhang. Apparently, he didn't seem fazed at all by Big Fatty Zhang and the others.


“Hogwash!” replied Big Fatty Zhang.

“放屁，追杀我师弟还有理了！”
“He was trying to kill my Junior Brother. How do you explain that?”

张大胖冷笑，右手抬起时呼的一声，他背后那口大黑锅居然自行飘起，气势如虹，使得大汉身边的众人，纷纷神色一变，而那大汉则是双眼一缩，手中掐诀间一杆小旗飞出，散开阵阵雾气，隐隐能听到雾气内传出阵阵野兽的咆哮。
He then laughed coldly as his hand whistled through the air, causing the big black wok on his back to suddenly fly up into the air, looking completely majestic. The burly man’s cohorts looked on with flickering expressions, and as for the burly man himself, his eyes widened. Then his hand flashed in an incantation gesture, causing a small flag to fly out. Mist poured out of the flag, from within which the roaring of a wild beast could be heard.

就在这剑拔弩张之时，许宝财一眼就看到了走出草屋的白小纯，顿时新仇旧恨齐涌心头，大吼一声。
Even as the figurative swords were being drawn, Xu Baocai saw Bai Xiaochun stepping out of his thatched hut, and all his previous rancor and hatred erupted inside of him.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!” he roared.

许宝财话语间身体猛地冲出，右手抬起一挥，立刻手中的木剑呼的一声飞出。
As soon as the words left Xu Baocai’s mouth, he waved his hand, sending his woode n sword flying out.

张大胖等人面色一变，正要去挡住时，监事房的大汉讥笑，立刻阻拦。
Looks of shock could be seen on the faces of Big Fatty Zhang and the others. Just as they were about to leap to stop the woode n sword, the burly man from the Supervisors’ Department laughed coldly and blocked their path.

可就在许宝财话语刚刚传出，身体冲去的瞬间，白小纯这里眼睛赤红，也随之大喊一声。
However, it was in that same instant that Bai Xiaochun, eyes bloods hot, roared, “Xu Baocai, you’ve pushed things too far!

“许宝财，你逼人太甚，我和你拼了！”
You and I are going to go all out!”

白小纯心脏怦怦跳动，他这一辈子也都没与人打过架，更不用说与修士斗法了。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart was pounding. He had never actually been in a fight in his entire life, much less magical combat against another cultivator.

此刻紧张中近乎神经兮兮，大喊一声为自己壮胆的同时，凝气三层的修为之力顿时爆发，拼了全部修为，将体内灵气全部注入木剑内，操控手中的木剑，向着许宝财一指。
He was so nervous that he was shaking. Roaring to build his own courage, he unleashed the power of the third level of Qi Condensation, holding nothing back from his cultivation base. He poured all of his spiritual energy into his woode n sword, then waved his finger to send it flying toward Xu Baocai.

木剑嗡的一声，隐藏在五颜六色的剑身上的两道银纹，微微一闪，竟使得剑身瞬间膨胀了一大圈，爆发出了一股逼人的寒芒，直奔许宝财。
As the woode n sword whistled through the air, the two designs hidden by the garish paint flickered slightly. Suddenly, the sword expanded in size and exploded with an oppr essive coldness as it bore dow n on Xu Baocai.

速度之快，气势之强，使得张大胖等人以及监事房的众人，全部都大吃一惊，更让他们倒吸口气的，是此剑锋利之意外散，笼罩四周，让人触目惊心，他们彼此再顾不得争斗，纷纷看去。
The speed and majesty with which it shot through the air caused Big Fatty Zhang, as well as the group from the Supervisors’ Department, to gasp and stare in astonishment. As the ferocious aura of the sword filled the area, all hearts were struck with shock, and suddenly, nobody was interested in fighting any more, and instead stared at the sword.

许宝财还没等冲来太近，就先被白小纯的气势吓了一跳，如此样子的白小纯，与他记忆力几个月前完全不一样，仿佛换了一个人，那一副咬牙切齿拼命的样子，让许宝财心里一惊。
Xu Baocai hadn’t even gotten close to Bai Xiaochun yet, and was struck with terror by his energy. From what he could tell, this version of Bai Xiaochun was completely different than the person he had faced several months before. The way he gritted his teeth and looked like he was going all out caused Xu Baocai’s heart to fill with shock.

紧接着，他双眼猛地睁大，露出不可思议的目光，他看到白小纯的木剑飞来的速度之快，几乎形成了一道白色的匹练，尤其是那把木剑的气势，他只在外门弟子的斗法中看到过，顿时骇然，头皮发麻。
Next, his eyes widened with disbelief as he saw Bai Xiaochun’s woode n sword speeding toward him. It was like a stream of white light, bursting with the type of energy that he had only seen during fights between Outer Sect disciples. He was so flabbergasted that his scalp went numb. A bang rang out as Bai Xiaochun’s woode n sword slammed into Xu

砰的一声，白小纯的木剑直接就撞在了许宝财的木剑上，许宝财的木剑猛地一颤，居然无法阻挡丝毫，从剑尖开始寸寸碎裂，眨眼就彻底摧毁，成为了无数碎片向后激射。
Baocai’s. Xu Baocai’s woode n sword trembled, completely incapable of standing up to the force of the blow. Starting from the tip, it shattered into pieces. In the blink of an eye, it was completely destroyed, transformed into countless shimmering fragments.

而白小纯的木剑，没有半点停顿，猛地冲出，直奔许宝财，许宝财吓的魂飞魄散，用出了全部力气快速闪躲才勉强避开，被木剑擦肩而过，刺在了一旁的大树上。
As for Bai Xiaochun’s woode n sword, it didn't even pause. It continued to shoot through the air toward Xu Baocai, who by this point was scared witless. Using all the power he could muster, he dodg ed out of the way. The woode n sword whistled past him, slicing his shoulder in the process, and then slashing into a nearby tree.

轰的一声，那大树直接就被破开了大半，直接倒下，掀起阵阵尘土的同时，许宝财也发出一声惨叫，右臂鲜血飞溅，面色苍白的急速后退。
A boom rattled out as the tree was choppe d completely in half, and then collapsed onto the ground, sending a cloud of dust into the air. Xu Baocai let out a miserable shriek as blood splashed all over his arm. Face pale, he immediately fell back.

这还是因白小纯对于控物不是很熟练的缘故，否则的话，那一剑足以让许宝财死无全尸！
Luckily for him, Bai Xiaochun wasn't very adept at controlling physical objects. Otherwise, that sword would definitely have killed him.

“凝气三层！
“Third level of Qi Condensation!

不可能，这不可能！”
Impossible! This is impossible!”

看向白小纯时，许宝财已是一副见鬼的恐惧神情，能让木剑有如此威力，至少也需要凝气三层才可，他无论如何也无法想象，仅仅是数月的时间，这白小纯居然变得如此惊人，这与他的认知发生了逆转，让他无法接受，如同噩梦。
Xu Baocai looked at Bai Xiaochun, and he seemed as terrified as if he had just caught sight of a ghost. To be able to unleash such power in a wooden sword clearly required the third level of Qi Condensation, and he simply could not imagine how Bai Xiaochun could have made such an astonishing transformation in only a few months. Things were playing out in exactly the oppos ite as he had imagined they would, which was impossible for him to accept.

莫说是他这里骇然，此刻监事房的大汉以及身边的众人，全部都倒吸口气，看向白小纯时，已是极为凝重。
It was like he was in a living nightmare. He wasn’t the only shocked one. The burly man from the Supervisors’ Department and all of his friends all gasped and looked over at Bai Xiaochun with serious expressions.

“以灵化锋，使剑光外散，这是将紫气驭鼎功修到了举重若轻的境界，才可以形成的神通之法！”
“Forming sharpness with spiritual energy and unleashing sword light! That’s only possible by cultivating the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art into the Lightness-in-Heaviness Realm! There’s no other way to unleash a divine ability like that!”

监事房的大汉深吸口气，看向白小纯时目中隐隐露出忌惮。
The burly man from the Supervisors’ Department gasped, and fear could now be seen in his eyes as he looked at Bai Xiaochun.

他们这里都尚且如此，更不用说张大胖等人了，他们一个个看向白小纯时，神色内同样满是震惊，白小纯凝气三层之时，他们有所察觉，可那把木剑上的剑光四散，且明显膨胀了一圈所代表的举重若轻的境界，他们这还是第一次在白小纯这里知晓。
His fellows had the exact same reaction, and there was almost no need to even mention Big Fatty Zhang and the others, who were also completely shocked. Although they had sensed that Bai Xiaochun had reached the third level of Qi Condensation, the fact that he could cause sword light to emanate out from the woode n sword, and also make it grow larger, showed that he really had reached the Lightness-in-Heaviness Realm, something they had been completely unaware of before.

就连白小纯自己，也都被这木剑的威力震了一下，他呆呆的看了眼倒塌的大树，又看了看此刻面色苍白的许宝财，立刻仰天大笑起来。
Even Bai Xiaochun was a bit shaken by what had just happened with the woode n sword. He stared at the toppled tree, then at the ashen-faced Xu Baocai, and suddenly threw his head back and laughed.

“许宝财，原来你这么弱啊，吃我一剑！”
“So, Xu Baocai, it turns out you are the weak one! Eat my sword!”

白小纯振奋，他发现自己居然比许宝财强大这么多，立刻精神抖擞，哈哈大笑时直奔许宝财而去。
Delighted that he was clearly stronger than Xu Baocai, Bai Xiaochun immediately began chasing Xu Baocai, laughing the entire time.

许宝财被白小纯目光扫过时，身体就哆嗦了一下，此刻看到白小纯大笑以及来临的身影，他立刻恐惧，连滚带爬的就要逃走。
Bai Xiaochun’s gaze caused Xu Baocai to tremble, and the sight of him rushing over, laughing uproariously, was completely terrifying. Xu Baocai immediately scrambled to flee.

可还没等逃出几步，白小纯已来到了近前，看着许宝财，白小纯想到之前被此人追击的一幕幕以及自己这段日子的苦修，其中种种苦涩化作力气，抬起脚狠狠的向着许宝财一脚踹了过去。
However, he could only take a few steps before Bai Xiaochun was upon him. As he closed in, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but think of how Xu Baocai had chased him relentlessly, forcing him to spend so many bitter days practicing cultivation. That bitterness turned into power, which he now used to kick viciously at Xu Baocai.

“让你再追杀我！”
“Let’s see you try to kill me again!” he yelled, punching Xu Baocai in the eye.

白小纯右手握拳，一拳落在许宝财的眼睛上，许宝财惨叫倒地，有心反抗，可他凝气二层的修为，在白小纯面前根本就没有什么反击之力。
Xu Baocai let out a miserable shriek and fell to the ground. He wanted to fight back, but his cultivation base was only at the second level of Qi Condensation, leaving him pow erless to do a nything to Bai Xiaochun.

“惹到我的头上，让你知道小爷不是吃素的！”
“You provok ed the Young Master, so now he’s going to show you that he's not to be trifled with!”

白小纯跳起来狠狠踏下了下去，咬牙切齿，拳打脚踢，许宝财的哀嚎不断。
Fuming with rage, Bai Xiaochun continued to kick and punch Xu Baocai, who was now wailing in anguish.

砰砰之声传遍四周，无论是监事房的众大汉，还是张大胖等人，此刻都呆在那里，看着被暴打的许宝财，又看了看越打越兴奋的白小纯，纷纷心底发毛。
Cracking sounds could be heard that caused both the burly man and the others from the Supervisors’ Department, as well as Big Fatty Zhang and the others, to all stare in shock. They watched Xu Baocai being beaten, and Bai Xiaochun excitedly doing the beating, and their hearts prickled with fear.

而许宝财眼泪都流了下来，内心委屈到了极致，他才不信白小纯是这几个月变的如此强大，尤其是那举重若轻的神通，没有个数年乃至更久的造诣，根本就无法形成。
Tears streamed down Xu Baocai's face, and his heart overflowed with grief. He still couldn’t believe that Bai Xiaochun had experienced such a drastic transformation in just a few short months. Even more unbelievable was that he could use the divine ability of Lightness-in-Heaviness. That was something that was impossible to achieve without years of work and significant skill.

在他看来，这白小纯分明是有大来头，而且在最开始就是这么强，因性格卑鄙无耻，所以装出那么一副弱弱的样子，最过分的是，他居然装的那么像，自己都当真了。
In his mind, Bai Xiaochun obviously must have someone powerful helping him. Furthermore, he was surely more powerful than he had let on before. However, because of his despicable and shameless personality, he had pretended to be weak. Most outrageous was that Xu Baocai had completely fallen for the act.

想到这里，许宝财悲从心来，气恼上头，竟生生的昏了过去。
At that point, Xu Baocai was overwhelmed with sorrow, and simply passed out.

看到许宝财昏迷，白小纯这才拍了拍衣衫，从许宝财身上站了起来，右手抬起一召，立刻木剑飞来，被他放在了袖口，摆出一副高手寂寞的样子，努力去掩饰目中的激动兴奋之意。
Seeing that Xu Baocai had fallen unconscious, Bai Xiaochun patted the dust off of his clothes and then waved his hand, causing his woode n sword to fly over into his sleeve. Then, looking every bit the lonely hero, he did his best to hide the excitement in his eyes.

监事房的大汉深深的看了白小纯一眼，面色阴晴不定，最后一抱拳。
The burly man from the Supervisors’ Department looked deeply at him, his expression conflicted. Finally, he clasped hands and bow ed.

“白师弟藏的真深，佩服，佩服。”
“Junior Brother Bai, you did a good job of concealing your true strength,” he said, his face expressionless. “You’ve earned our admiration.”

他面无表情的说了一句，转身没有迟疑，带人离去，将昏迷的许宝财也拎走。
Then, he turned and left with his fellows, picking up the unconscious Xu Baocai and taking him along too.

直至众人离开，张大胖等人来到白小纯身边，一个个看向白小纯时，都露出笑意，监事房毕竟是外人，而张大胖等人知道白小纯数月来的努力，此刻对他这里，更多的是服气。
After they left, Big Fatty Zhang and the others clustered around Bai Xiaochun, smiling broadly. After all, the people from the Supervisors’ Department were outsiders, and they knew that Bai Xiaochun had worked hard over the past months.


Therefore they were pleased with the overall outcome.

“你小子，行啊，那小半年没白玩命！”
“Nice work, kid. You didn't kill yourself for half a year for nothing!”

张大胖一拍白小纯的肩膀。
Big Fatty Zhang patted Bai Xiaochun’s shoulder.

“那是，我拼起命来，自己都害怕。”
“That’s right. I worked so hard that I scared even myself!”

白小纯得意的抬起头，如一只骄傲的小公鸡，惹得张大胖等人再次大笑起来。
Bai Xiaochun lifted his chin as proudly as a cocky rooster, as if daring Big Fatty Zhang and the others to ever laugh at him again.

第九章 延年益寿丹
chapter-9

白驹过隙，时日流逝，当一个月后寒风渐起，顺着通天河吹过灵溪宗，秋叶飘然而落时，白小纯才恍然发现，自己来到这灵溪宗已有一年。
According to an ancient saying, time flying by is like catching a glimpse of a white colt flashing past a chink in a wall. That is exactly what happened for Bai Xiaochun. A month later, cold winds blew down the Heavenspan River and through the Spirit Stream Sect.


All of a sudden, Bai Xiaochun realized that he had been in the sect for a year already.

这一年对他而言，发生了太多的事情，从一个凡人成为了修士，具备了凝气三层的修为，更是化解了因成为火灶房的一员而引起的一系列争端。
The past year had been chock-full of one event after another. He had left the world of mortals to become a cultivator, elevated his cultivation base to the third level of Qi Condensation, and had resolved all the conflicts that croppe d up due to him joining the Ovens.

许宝财再也没出现过火灶房的门前，甚至白小纯下山去采购火灶房的常耗物品时，曾远远的看到了许宝财一眼，许宝财赶紧避开，似对他这里彻底怕了。
Xu Baocai never showed up at the Ovens again, and when Bai Xiaochun left on supply runs and saw him from a distance, he would scurry away, clearly terrified.

虽然如此，可这一个月里，白小纯却时常愁眉苦脸，心底叹息，对张大胖等人也没有去说，只能自己连连无奈。
Despite all of that, however, after a month went by, Bai Xiaochun looked as anxious as ever, and was sighing constantly. He didn't talk to Big Fatty Zhang and the others about his concerns, he simply wallowed in his helplessness.

“一年的寿元啊 ”白小纯看着不远处的大树上，树叶成为了黄色，随风落下。
“One year of longevity” he thought, looking at a tree off in the distance, whose leaves had already begun to turn yellow and fall to the ground.

“我就如同这颗大树，掉落的树叶就是我的那一年寿元 ”白小纯想到这里，颇为伤感。
“I'm just like that tree, and those falling leaves are just like my one lost year of longevity” Having reached this point in his train of thought, Bai Xiaochun suddenly felt very sentimental.

这一个月，他想尽了办法去滋补，可额头发梢内的那根白发，依旧没有变黑，他也旁敲侧击的问了一下张大胖等人，已然明白了在这修真界内，补充寿元的方法不是没有，可要么存在了某种限制，要么就是罕见的如凤毛麟角。
During the course of the past month, he had come up with countless ideas on how to restore the lost longevity, and yet, that white hair on his head remained as white as ever. He made some roundabout inquiries of Big Fatty Zhang, and learned that in the cultivation world, methods did indeed exist which could restore longevity. However, such methods were either well-kept secrets, or as easy to track dow n as a phoenix feather or a qilin horn.

渐渐他茶不思饭不想，就连小脸都憔悴了，可就在他只能选择放弃，不得不接受自己减少了一年寿元这件事情时，一天午后，外出采购火灶房物品的他，站在第三峰下，看着那里的一颗巨大的石碑，呼吸慢慢急促起来。
Soon, he even lost interest in eating and drinking, and his face became wan and pallid. Eventually, he decided that he had no choice but to give up and accept the fact that he had lost the longevity. However, the following day when he went out on an Ovens supply run, he happened to catch sight of an enormous stone stele below the Third Peak, and all of a sudden, he started to pant.

这面石碑在灵溪宗南岸，每座山峰下都有一块，上面有无数密密麻麻的一行行字迹，闪烁光芒，时而如流水一样滑动，被新的一行字替换。
On the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect, all of the mountain peaks had stone steles like this one. It was covered with dense script, lines and lines of writing that glittered with bright light. Occasionally, the lines of script would flow like water as old characters were replaced by new ones.

这里是灵溪宗接受宗门任务的地方，但凡是灵溪宗的弟子，需要去完成宗门的任务，换取修行所需的灵石以及贡献点。
That stone stele was where missions were handed out by the Spirit Stream Sect. Anyone in the sect who wanted to could accomplish the missions to earn the spirit stones necessary for cultivation, as well as merit points.

尤其是贡献点，无论是去听经文，还是去术法阁，又或者是那一处处特殊的修行之地，在宗门内几乎所有事情，都可以用得到，甚至某种程度，比灵石还要珍贵。
The merit points could be used to pay admission fees to scripture sermons or the Magical Arts Pavilion. They could also be used to gain access to all sorts of special places in the sect set aside for certain aspects of cultivation. Virtually everything in the sect could be acquired with merit points, and they were actually viewed as more valuable than spirit stones.

此刻在这第三峰下的任务石碑旁，正有不少外门弟子在那里目不转睛的凝望，时而选择了任务后，立刻与石碑下盘膝打坐的中年修士恭敬的低语。
At the moment, quite a few Outer Sect disciples were gathered around the third peak’s Mission Stele, staring at the missions. When one of them selected a mission to take, they would respectfully notify the middle-aged cultivator sitting cross-legged beneath the stele.

还有一些杂役也在其中，与穿着青色云水袍的外门弟子之间，从衣着上可以清晰分辨。
There were even some servants mingling with the Outer Sect disciples. The servants wore their uniforms, and the Outer Sect disciples wore green robes embroidered with cloud and river designs, making it very easy to tell who was who.

灵溪宗的任务，只有需内门弟子完成的，才是特定不在这里显露，至于其他任务，无论是外门弟子还是杂役，都可以选择。
There were certain missions that only Inner Sect disciples could accept, but missions like that wouldn’t show up on this particular stone stele. The missions here could be accepted by Outer Sect disciples and servants alike.

一些力求上进的杂役，都将此地看成是自身鱼跃龙门的第一步。
Many ambitious servants viewed this place as their first step in becoming like that fish which leaped over the dragon gate, achieving a meteoric rise.

白小纯站在这里已有一炷香的时间，面色阴晴不定，盯着在那石碑中断，一行闪烁的字迹，神色内露出迟疑。
Bai Xiaochun stood there for the time it takes an incense stick to burn, face grim as he stared at one particular line of script in the middle of the stone stele. Eventually, a look of hesitation appeared in his eyes.

“延年益寿丹 没想到宗门内居然有这种丹药，听名字，似乎可以增加寿元 ”许久，白小纯喃喃低语，沉思少卿后来到了石碑下的中年修士身边。
“Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill" he murmured. "I never imagined that this stone stele would offer a medicinal pill like that as a reward. From the name alone, you can tell that the pill probably increases longevity." After a bit of thought, he approached the middle-aged cultivator.

此人四周有不少外门弟子，他们察觉白小纯到来，一个个都选择无视，身份的不同，使得他们对于杂役，根本就看不入眼。
When the Outer Sect disciples sensed Bai Xiaochun approaching, they completely ignored him. Considering their status, they didn’t care at all about servants, who they viewed as beneath them.

直至那中年修士身边的人少了，白小纯露出乖巧的样子，抱拳一拜。
Bai Xiaochun waited until the crowd around the middle-aged cultivator thinned a bit, then, looking as charming and innocent as possible, clasped hands and bow ed in greeting.

“师兄中午好。”
“Good a fternoon, Elder Brother,” he said.

中年修士抬头扫了白小纯一眼，微微点头，没有说话。
The middle-aged cultivator looked Bai Xiaochun up and down, then slightly.


The problem of his own longevity swirled in Bai Xiaochun’s mind as he asked “Elder Brother, one of the missions is to go search for some medicinal plants.


The reward is an Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill.

“师兄，这里有个任务，寻找几株草药，可换取一枚延年益寿丹，不知此丹是否有增加寿元的效用？”
Might I ask whether or not that pill is useful for extending longevity?” “Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill Yeah, it’s this mission right here. That pill really can prolong your age and enhance your longevity.

事关自身的寿元，白小纯连忙问道。
In fact, it adds a whole year.

“延年益寿丹 恩，是有这么一个任务，此丹也的确可以延年益寿，可增加一年寿元，不过有不少限制，只能凝气五层以下使用，且只有第一次有效，再吃就没用了，说其珍贵的确珍贵，可只是一年寿元，用处却不大。”
However, it has a lot of limitations. It can only be used if you’re at the fifth level of Qi Condensation or lower, and can only be consumed once. If you take the pill more than one time, it simply won’t do anything. You could say that it's valuable, but unfortunately, one year of longevity doesn't really count for much.”

中年修士眼看白小纯乖巧，不由得多说了几句。
Seeing how charming and innocent Bai Xiaochun looked, the middle-aged cultivator decided to add a bit more information.

“一般来说，只是作为宗门弟子给予家中老迈凡人吊命所用，但价格也不菲，这个任务，你要接么？”
“Generally speaking, this is a pill that disciples will give to their mortal family members who are reaching the ends of their lives. However, it's still very expensive. Do you want to accept the mission?”

白小纯抬头看了眼石碑，合计一番，点了点头。
Bai Xiaochun looked back at the stone stele, did some calculations, and then .

中年修士右手抬起一指石碑，立刻其上这条任务成为了灰色，与此同时他右手多出了一枚玉简，扔给了白小纯。
The middle-aged cultivator waved his finger at the stone stele, and the mission turned gray. At the same time, he produced a jade slip which he handed over to Bai Xiaochun.

“青灵叶，地龙果，石虫皮，这三样药材若干，就可来此换取一枚延年益寿丹。”
“Greenspirit leaf, earthdragon fruit, and stonebeetle husk,” the man said coolly. “Collect the proper amounts of those three medicinal ingredients, and you can exchange them for an Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill.”

中年修士淡淡开口，不在理会白小纯，而是与一旁过来的外门弟子，介绍任务。
After that, he paid no further heed to Bai Xiaochun, and instead turned and began to explain other missions to the nearby Outer Sect disciples.

白小纯拿着玉简离去，满脑子都是延年益寿这四个字，目中慢慢露出坚定。
Bai Xiaochun left, clutching the jade slip in his hands, the term “Age- Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill” echoing about in his mind. His eyes began to glow with decisiveness.

“一定要换到这枚丹药，补充我损失的那一年寿元。”
“I'm definitely going to get that medicinal pill and make up for the one year of longevity I lost.”

带着这样的决然，白小纯直奔四海房，查找一些可提供给杂役知晓的资料，在其内找到了青灵叶的介绍，此物是一种名为候灵鸟栖息之地才会生长的药草，因这种候灵鸟喜好群居，且寻常一只都堪比凝气二层，想要获取并非易事，故而价格一向不菲。
Bursting with determination, he hurried to the Four Seas Room, where he poured over the information available to servants. He soon found an introduction to greenspirit leaf, a type of medicinal plant that only grew in habitats occupied by hopespirit birds. Hopespirit birds lived in large colonies, and usually grew to the second level of Qi Condensation, making the greenspirit Leaf difficult to harvest. As a result, it tended to be expensive.

至于地龙果与石虫皮，四海房不曾记录，白小纯摸了摸自己的口袋，苦笑的离去，回到火灶房后向张大胖等人打听，地龙果没人听过，但石虫皮黑三胖知晓，此物居然真的是一种名叫石虫的灵虫，蜕下的皮。
Unfortunately, there was no record in the Four Seas Room of the earthdragon fruit or the stonebeetle husk. Bai Xiaochun patted his bag, smiled bitterly, and left. After returning to the Ovens, he asked Big Fatty Zhang and the others about them. Nobody had ever heard of earthdragon fruit, but Third Fatty Hei knew about stonebeetle Husk.


Apparently, it was nothing more than the molted exoskeleton of a type of spirit bug called a stonebeetle.

据说这皮坚硬无比，且非常沉重，南岸这里很少，北岸因所修功法以驭兽为主，才会出产，不过南北两岸虽都是灵溪宗，可间隔了主峰山桥，除非是成为了内门弟子，否则的话没有资格踏入桥山来往两岸。
Suppos edly, those exoskeletons were extremely tough and heavy, but were uncommon on the south shore. However, they were common on the north shore, a result of the fact that most of the techniques they cultivated there were shamanic magics. Unfortunately, despite the fact that both the north and south shores were part of the Spirit Stream Sect, they were separated by the main mountain bridge. Furthermore, only Inner Sect disciples qualified to be able to cross that mountain bridge to get from one shore to the other.

“你打听这些药材干什么用？
“What are you asking about these medicinal ingredients for?”


Big Fatty


Zhang asked, patting his stomach.

这些东西没法吃的，而且山下南岸坊市内价格都高的离谱。”
“You can’t eat them, you know. Besides, if you try to buy them at the south bank market, the prices are ridiculously high.”

张大胖拍了拍肚子，诧异的说道。 白小纯一听坊市二字，眼睛一亮，简单解释一番后就直奔山下，他在火灶房这一年，出宗门的次数虽有限，可也知晓宗门外有一处坊市。
When Bai Xiaochun heard the word ‘market’ mentioned, his eyes suddenly lit up. After offering a quick explanation, he hurried down the mountain. In the year he had been a part of the Ovens, he had only been out of the sect on a few occasions, and yet, was very familiar with the market outside of the sect.

那里大都是宗门的弟子所在的修真家族开设，甚至有一些索性就是宗门弟子持有，专门为宗门弟子服务，时间长了，渐渐也就具备了一定的规模。
Most of the stalls were run by various cultivator clans related to sect disciples. There were even some establishments that were owned by disciples, and catered specifically to other disciples. Gradually, a set of unspoken rules had come to be established that everyone abided by.

平日里火灶房所需之物，也都是在这里采购。
Generally speaking, any supplies that the Ovens needed could be found here.

在坊市转了一圈，尤其是去了一些草药坊，当重新回到火灶房时，白小纯眉头紧皱，心底连连叹息。
Bai Xiaochun strolled around the market for a while and visited several medicinal plant shops. By the time he got back to the Ovens, his brow was furrowed and he was heaving sighs left and right.

“太黑了，尤其是地龙果，不就是一种在地底生长的植被果实么，居然那么贵！”
“What a rip-off! Especially the earthdragon fruit. All it is is a kind of fruit that grows underground. Why is it so expensive?”

白小纯无奈的发现，以目前自己的本事，根本就无法换取一枚延年益寿丹。
Bai Xiaochun was dismayed to discover that, given his current situation, he was essentially incapable of getting the Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill.

他对钱没有什么概念，相比于寿元，多少钱财都无所谓，只是此刻囊中羞涩，而平日里与几个胖子师兄在一起，他也知道那几个人肚子有货，可口袋里一样干瘪，比自己富裕不到哪去。
He basically had no concept of money. To him, no amount of wealth could compare to longevity. Unfortunately, he was currently embarrassingly short on funds. Furthermore, he knew that although his Elder Brothers possessed extremely ample bellies, their bags were as empty as his.


They definitely weren’t any richer than he was.

至于火灶房的灵食，他们偷吃无人抓住痛脚，但若是想要卖出去，监事房的人盯着的程度，令人发指。
Although nobody would go to the trouble of calling them to task for eating a bit of the food from the Ovens’ supplies, if they tried to sell that food, the Supervisors Department would definitely catch on, and would not be happy.

想来想去，也没有什么办法能赚到钱，除非是去将炼灵之物卖掉。
After thinking about the matter from numerous angles, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t come up with any ideas for how to make some money, other than to sell some spirit enhanced items. However, that didn't quite seem like the appropriate thing to do.

可此事他总觉得不妥，连续数日冥思苦想，就在这一天，他盘膝坐在屋舍内修行时，忽然听到一声钟鸣回荡在宗门内。
He continued to ponder the matter for a few more days. On one particular morning, he was sitting cross-legged in his hut practicing cultivation when he heard the sound of bells echoing out through the sect. The sound wasn’t very loud, and quickly faded away.

这轰鸣不大，很快消散，白小纯睁开双眼，没有意外之色，这钟声他在进入宗门后，每个月都可以听到，也早就从张大胖那里知晓，这是各峰试炼之路对杂役开放，给予晋升外门弟子名额的日子。
Bai Xiaochun slowly opened his eyes. He wasn’t surprised by the tolling of the bells. In fact, they rang out every month. He had learned from Big Fatty Zhang that the bells indicated that a trial by fire was beginning for servants.

想要从杂役鱼跃龙门成为外门弟子，首先要具备凝气三层的修为，其次是选择一座山峰的试炼之路，虽说那试炼之路就是一处蔓延至山顶的台阶，可却加持了法力，让人举步艰难，若能走上去，便有成为外门弟子的资格。
Whoever succeeded would be given a spot as an Outer Sect disciple. For those extremely ambitious servants who wanted to become Outer Sect disciples, the first step to becoming the fish who leaped over the dragon gate was to reach the third level of Qi Condensation. Then they could select one of the trials by fire. The trials by fire were nothing more than a path of stone steps that led to the top of the mountain peak.


However, that path was imbued with magical power, making each step extremely arduous.


Anyone who managed to make it to the top would be qualified to become an Outer Sect disciple.

只不过外门弟子名额有限，每一次各峰只选最快走完试炼之路的前三名，优中选优，而灵溪宗的杂役众多，仅仅是南岸的杂役，就足有上万人，所以每次的争夺都很激烈。
Unfortunately, spots in the Outer Sect were limited, so only the first three competitors to the top, the best of the best, would be able to get in. After all, there were many servants in the Spirit Stream Sect. There were thousands and thousands on the south bank alone. Therefore, there were always fierce struggles to succeed.

至于火灶房的众人，自然是宁在火灾饿死，不去外门争锋，每月的今天，都是看着热闹，一脸的不屑。
Of course, the members of the Ovens would rather die of starvation in the Ovens than try to climb the ladder in the Outer Sect. Therefore, on this particular day every month, they turned their noses up at all the hustle and bustle.


Bai Xiaochun closed his eyes.

白小纯闭上眼，可猛然间他的双眼就再次睁开，目中有一抹古怪之色，瞬间闪过后化作了惊喜，脑海中渐渐萌生了一个念头，他站起身在房间里走了几圈，仔仔细细的将这个念头考虑的周全后，他脸上顿时喜色洋溢。
However, a moment later, they snapped open, and a strange expression could be seen therein. Then, they began to glitter with excitement as a new idea formed in his head. He shot to his feet and began to pace back and forth inside his hut. After considering this idea for quite some time, a delighted expression appeared on his face.

“能成！”
“This is the ticket!” he exclaimed.

他立刻推开房门，将正在议论这一次哪个杂役倒霉成为外门弟子的张大胖等人喊到一处。
Then he pushed his door open and cried out to Big Fatty Zhang and the others, who were currently debating about which unlucky servant would be promoted to be an Outer Sect disciple.

“师兄们，我有个发财的点子，还请诸位师兄帮我，咱们一起发财！”
“Elder Brothers, I've figured out how to get rich, but I need your help. Then, we can all get rich together!”

白小纯舔了舔嘴唇，目中冒光的看着张大胖等人。
He licked his lips and looked at Big Fatty Zhang and the others, eyes gleaming.

这幅样子张大胖等人不陌生，当初白小纯提议碗底变厚，造福了火灶房时，就是这个模样，顿时都来了兴趣。
Big Fatty Zhang was familiar with this expression, it was the same look Bai Xiaochun had on his face when he brought up the idea of making the bottoms of the bowls thicker. Considering how much that idea had benefited the Ovens, Big Fatty Zhang couldn't wait to hear Bai Xiaochun’s idea.

“九胖你有什么主意？
“Ninth Fatty, what's your plan?

说心里话，我们几个也都穷啊，都怪那该死的监事房，不然的话，卖些火灶房的东西，我们就发了！”
To tell you the truth, we’re all completely destitute, and it’s all the fault of that damned Supervisors Department. If it weren't for them, we could sell some of our stuff and get totally rich!”

张大胖一拍白小纯的肩膀，目中露出期待之意。
Big Fatty Zhang clapped Bai Xiaochun on the shoulder, eyes shining with anticipation.

第十章 师兄别走
chapter-10

眼看四周几个胖子师兄都目不转睛的望着自己，那一双双小眼睛内似乎闪动着灵石的光芒，尤其是张大胖，更是看向自己时目中如火 白小纯干咳一声，颇有一些小小的自豪感。
Bai Xiaochun looked around at his Elder Brothers, who were staring at him with eyes that glittered like spirit stones. Big Fatty Zhang’s eyes looked like they were about to erupt with flames. Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat, feeling more than a little bit proud of himself.

“师兄，你们看啊，我们灵溪宗每个月，三座山峰都会开启试炼，给我等杂役一个鱼跃龙门的机会，是吧 ”白小纯抬起白净的小脸，怎么看都是无比乖巧。
“Elder Brother, check this out. The three mountain peaks of the Spirit Stream Sect all have a trial by fire every month, giving us servants a chance to become like the fish that leaped over the dragon gate, right?"

听到白小纯这么说，张大胖等人点了点头。
Bai Xiaochun glanced around at everyone, looking like the picture of charm and innocence. Big Fatty Zhang in response.

“可宗门是要优中选优，所以不管有多少人参加每个月的试炼，每座山峰都只会选择最快走完试炼之路的前三，是吧。”
“However, the sect only wants the best of the best. Therefore, no matter how many people participate in the trial by fire, only the top three disciples per mountain peak get picked. Am I right?”

白小纯舔了舔嘴唇，目中开始放光，他说道这里时，张大胖若有所思。
He licked his lips, and his eyes were beginning to shine. Big Fatty Zhang listened thoughtfully.

还有黑三胖，也是如此，至于其他人大都是懵懂。
A ruminative expression could also be seen on Third Fatty Hei’s face, although everyone else seemed confused.

“你的意思是 ”张大胖看向白小纯，目中慢慢露出神采。
Big Fatty Zhang looked at Bai Xiaochun, and his eyes also began to shine. “Do you mean”

“以师兄们的修为，算上我一个，咱们实际上都可以走到每一座山峰试炼之路的顶端 ”白小纯看了眼身边的几个师兄，这些人每一个都是凝气三层，尤其是张大胖与黑三胖，已然是凝气三层的巅峰，若不是时刻压制，不愿太显眼以至于离开火灶房，早就可以突破了。
“Considering the levels of your cultivation bases, Elder Brothers, and mine, it would be easy to sweep the trials by fire of all three mountains” Bai Xiaochun looked around at his Elder Brothers. All of them had cultivation bases at the third level of Qi Condensation, Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei were actually at the peak of the third level.


Were it not for the fact that they didn't want to leave the Ovens, and thus kept their cultivation bases suppressed, they could have broken through to the next level long ago.

“所以，只要我们在每一次试炼开启时，最快走到顶端，占据了前三的名额后，就可以 卖名额给后面的人啊！”
“Therefore,” Bai Xiaochun continued, speaking very quickly, “all we have to do is get to the peak of the mountains as quickly as possible, and hold the top three spots. Then, we can sell them to whoever comes along after us!”

白小纯快速说完，看向张大胖等人。
He stopped and looked at Big Fatty Zhang and the others.

张大胖身体一颤。
Big Fatty Zhang was trembling.


“So low down” he said.


Then he took a deep breath and slapped his thigh.

“太损了 ”他倒吸口气，狠狠地一拍大腿，目中露出了前所未有的光芒，这方法不复杂，极为简单，只不过是换了一种思路，说出后人人都懂，可没说出时，却是人们思绪的反面。
An unprecedentedly bright glow appeared in his eyes. The method described by Bai Xiaochun wasn't very complicated at all, and was in fact quite simple. It was merely a different way of thinking that, after being spoken out loud, was easy to understand. However, before being explained, it was actually the oppos ite of what everyone would have thought the idea to be.

张大胖此刻甚至有种醍醐灌顶，从此人生被打开了一扇崭新的大门之感，不由得大笑起来。
Big Fatty Zhang seemed to be in the midst of spiritual enlightenment. It was as if a door had been opened, leading to a brand new type of life. He couldn’t hold back from laughing heartily.

“这招损到了极致，哈哈！” 黑三胖一跺脚，脸上不知是羞涩还是激动，泛起阵阵红晕。
Third Fatty Hei stamped an excited foot, face flushed from either embarrassment or excitement. “This couldn’t be any more low down! Hahaha!”

其他几个胖子师兄，此刻也都全部反应过来，纷纷振奋，一个个呼吸急促，看向白小纯时都不由得越发佩服。
As the other fatties understood, they started getting excited. Panting, they couldn’t help but stare at Bai Xiaochun with more admiration than ever.

“这招可以，干了！”
“Great idea! Let’s do it!” “Fudge!

“他奶奶的，监事房那群王八蛋，害的我们这么多年穷的要死，好在九师弟来了，干了！”
That bunch of bastards from the Supervisors Department have persecuted us into pove rty for years now. Thankfully, Ninth Junior Brother is here now. Let’s do it!”

众人立刻兴奋，相互讨论一些细节之处。
Then, they began to excitedly discuss the details of how to carry out such a plan.

等大家都觉得没有遗漏后，准备在下个月试炼之路开启时这么干，张大胖高兴地一拍肚子。
After they were sure that there was nothing they had overlooked, they decided to try out their scheme in the following month’s trials by fire. Big Fatty Zhang slapped his thigh in delight.

“今晚加餐！”
“Tonight is snack night!”

嬉闹之声在火灶房内传出，接下来的这一个月，火灶房的每一个人都干劲十足，甚至为了万无一失，罕见的都修炼了几天，最后一个个都在等着日期临近。
Excited conversations filled the Ovens. The following month was one of extreme enthusiasm. In fact, just to play it safe, everyone took time to practice cultivation, which was a rare occurrence. In the end, everyone was waiting impatiently for the day of the trial by fire to arrive.

终于，这一天到了。
Finally, it did.

清晨，阳光明媚，灵溪宗南岸的三座山峰下，出现了一幕前所未有的景象，只见每一座山峰下的试炼之路的入口处，远远一看，赫然都有三口大黑锅。
The sun shone brightly in the morning sky. Beneath the three mountain peaks on the south shore of the Spirit Stream Sect, an unprecedented scene was playing out. There at the entrance to each of the trails leading up the mountains, shockingly, three black woks appeared.

仔细一瞧，大黑锅下，一个个胖子威武非凡的站在那里，气势惊人。
A closer look revealed that underneath those black woks were extraordinarily formidable fatties. The sight was truly impressive.

正是火灶房的九人，他们可以说是第一批到了三座山峰试炼之路的杂役，按照之前的安排，三人一峰。
These were the nine members of the Ovens, and this was, in fact, their first time attending the trials by fire held for servants at the three mountain peaks. Just as they had planned, three of their number went to each of the three mountain peaks.

此刻大量的杂役正快速从四面八方赶来，这些杂役一个个都磨拳霍霍，精神十足，他们有的已数次失败，有的则是首次参加试炼，纷纷紧张中带着期待，渴望自己能从此飞黄腾达，从杂役晋升为外门弟子。
Large groups of servants were hurrying toward the mountain peaks from all directions, cracking their knuckles and looking very excited. Many of these servants had attempted the trials by fire on numerous occasions, only to fail in the end. For others, it was their first time attending. Everyone was both excited and nervous, and hoped that they could be like a galloping divine steed and make a meteoric rise to become an Outer Sect disciple.

可随着他们的靠近，当来到自身所选择的山峰时，立刻就看到了火灶房的诸位胖子。
As they neared the various mountain peaks, they caught sight of the fatties from the Ovens.

“火灶房？
“The Ovens?

他们怎么来了？”
What are they doing here?”

“我做杂役已有九年，参加试炼不下三十次，这还是第一次看到火灶房的人出现在这里 ”就在这些杂役纷纷诧异时，彼此沟通了消息，知晓了三座山峰全部都有火灶房的胖子后，立刻全部嗡鸣起来。
“I've been a servant for nine years already, and I've participated in the trials by fire thirty times. This is the first time I’ve ever seen anyone from the Ovens here” The other servants were shocked, and began to spread word. Soon, everyone was talking about the fact that all three of the mountains had people from the Ovens waiting there for the trials by fire.

“出大事了，火灶房的人居然要来抢外门弟子的名额，这怎么可能 ”
“This is big! I can’t believe the Ovens people all are going to vie for a spot in the Outer Sect. What’s going on?”

面对四周杂役的吃惊议论，在第三峰下的白小纯，张大胖与黑三胖三人，神色淡定，仿佛神游太虚，对于身边的一切议论毫不理会。
Bai Xiaochun, Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei were all waiting at the bottom of the third peak. When they heard the shocked exclamations of the other servants, they didn’t react at all. In fact, their faces were so calm that it almost seemed they were away on astral journeys and were completely oblivious to all of the conversations around them.

他们已经将全部注意力放在了身边的试炼入口上，只等开启的那一刻，在他们看来，这已不是什么试炼之路，这分明就是一条闪闪发光的灵石之路。
They were completely and utterly focused on the trial by fire starting line. To them, this was not the path of a trial by fire, instead, it was a glittering, glowing road to spirit stones.

尤其是白小纯，他更是神色极为严肃，目不转睛。
Bai Xiaochun looked especially solemn, with his eyes turned up in thought.

很快的，就有三道身影分别从三座山峰上飘然而下，在白小纯所在的山峰上下来的，是一个中年男子，此人仙风道骨，走来时刚刚到了试炼之路旁，就看到了张大胖那如肉山般的身躯。
Soon, a figure could be seen floating down from the three mountains. The person to land by Bai Xiaochun and the others was a middle-aged man who had the demeanor of a transcendent being. The first thing he noticed as he alighted next to the starting line was the mountain of flesh that was Big Fatty Zhang.

目光从白小纯三人身上扫过，这中年修士身为负责试炼之路的执事，也都心底诧异起来。
Then he looked over at Bai Xiaochun and Third Fatty Hei. This man was the honor guard in charge of the trial by fire, and currently, his heart was filled with astonishment.

“太阳打西面出来了？
“Did the sun rise from the west today?” he thought.

这火灶房的人，平日里一个个死都不愿成为外门弟子，今个怎么来了？”
“Usually the people from the Ovens would rather die than become Outer Sect disciples. What's going on?”

他不由得多看了几眼，神色内渐渐露出鼓励之意，大袖一甩，声音传遍四方。
After blinking a few times to make sure he wasn’t seeing things, an expression of encouragement appeared on the man’s face. He flicked his sleeve and began to speak, his voice echoing out in all directions.

“晋升外门弟子的试炼，开始！”
“Let the trial by fire for promotion to the Outer Sect begin!”

他话语刚一传出，立刻一声钟鸣在宗门内回荡，与此同时，试练之路的入口光芒一闪，瞬息开启。
As soon as the words left his mouth, bells began to toll throughout the sect. At the same time, the starting lines to the trials by fire lit up, indicating that the event had begun.

就在刚刚开启的刹那，张大胖一脸执着，身影呼的一下，掀起一阵大风，顺着山路台阶，向上急速奔跑，似身后有凶兽追击一样。
Instantly, Big Fatty Zhang shot forward, an expression of extreme focus on his face. He kicked up a huge wind as he ran toward the stone steps leading up the mountain, moving so fast you might think he was being chased by a ravenous beast.

黑三胖也是如此，他眼中露出凶残之意，仿佛谁和他抢试炼之路，就是抢他的命，紧随张大胖身后。
Third Fatty Hei also leapt into motion behind Big Fatty Zhang, a brutal gleam in his eyes that seemed to indicate that anyone who tried to overtake him on the path was threatening his life.

第三个是白小纯，他速度更快，如同一个兔子，满脑袋都是延年益寿丹，一跃而去，转眼间三人就在这山路上狂奔。
In third place was Bai Xiaochun, who leapt onto the path as quickly as a rabbit, thinking about nothing else but the Age-Prolonging Longevity- Enhancing Pill. In the blink of an eye, the three of them were dashing madly up the path.

这个时候其他的杂役才反应过来，一个个面色变化，咬牙纷纷跑上试炼之路，向着山顶快速追赶。
All of that happened so quickly that the other servants barely had time to react. Their faces immediately fell and, gritting their teeth, they scrambled onto the path and began to climb toward the peak.

不但是此山这样，其他两座山峰一样如此，奔跑在最前面的，全部都是火灶房的胖子。
Similar scenes played out on the other two mountains, with the fatties from the Ovens instantly taking the lead.

这第三座山峰名为香云峰，此刻在试炼之路上，白小纯三人速度飞快，遥遥领先，但渐渐地也都慢了下来，感受到了来自八方的威压不断地降临，如身上压下了重负。
The third mountain peak was known as Fragrant Cloud Peak, and currently Bai Xiaochun and his companions were flying along the trial by fire path, far ahead of everyone else. However, it didn't take long before they felt increasing pressure weighing dow n on them, forcing them to slow their pace.

白小纯连忙回头看了眼，发现身后有七八人紧随不断时，他有些着急了，有种延年益寿丹快要被人抢走的感觉。
Bai Xiaochun looked around and realized that seven or eight people were closing in behind him. Suddenly, he was filled with a feeling of anxiety, it was as if these people were on the verge of stealing his Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill.

“抢我延年益寿丹，就是在抢我的命啊！”
“Taking away my Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill is the same as taking away my life!”

他憋足一口气，面孔越来越红，体内灵气轰然扩散，化作一股动力，如被踩了尾巴的野猪，轰的一声就冲了出去，直接超越了黑三胖，超越了张大胖，速度暴增一倍以上。
He suddenly held his breath, causing his face to turn scarlet. Then he sent spiritual energy streaming out into his body, which formed into a powerful, surging force. All of a sudden, he charged forward like wild boar whose tail had just been stepped on. In the blink of an eye, his speed more than doubled, and he had passed Third Fatty Hei and even Big

黑三胖也在此刻吼了一声，不知展开了什么手段，一样速度增加，又将张大胖超越，紧随白小纯身后，眼看二人都要跑的没了影时，张大胖急了。
Fatty Zhang. Third Fatty Hei let out a roar, and then used some unknown technique to similarly increase his speed and suddenly pass up Big Fatty Zhang and race closer to Bai Xiaochun. Seeing that he had just been passed by his two companions, Big Fatty Zhang started getting anxious.

他深吸口气，身体上的肥肉竟肉眼可见的缩了一小圈，如同体内肥肉被燃烧般，速度顿时暴增，轰轰间，追上了黑三胖，三人一起，绝尘而去。
He took a deep breath and then, all of a sudden, his rolls of fat seemed to shrink. It was almost as if he was burning his fat in exchange for a burst of speed. Rumbling sounds could be heard as he closed the distance between himself and Third Fatty Hei. Soon, all three of them were speeding along rapidly.


When the servants behind them saw what was happening, their jaws dropped in shock.

他们后面的杂役，看到这一幕，全部目瞪口呆，很快就露出绝望，可却不甘心，纷纷拼了全力，可怎么也都追不上白小纯三人，有些脾气暴的，直接开骂。
Looks of despair appeared on their faces, and yet, they weren’t willing to give up so easily, and pushed onward with all the strength they could muster. Unfortunately, there was nothing they could do to catch up with Bai Xiaochun and the others. Their tempers having reached the limit, they began to cry out curses.

“该死的，他们莫非吃了春。
“Dammit! Are they high on aphrodisiacs or something?

药，怎么这么快！”
How could they be so fast!”

直至一炷香后，始终跑在最前面的白小纯，已到了山顶，甚至看到了出口处站着的两个等待那里，准备录取杂役的外门弟子。
Soon, enough time had passed for an incense stick to burn, and Bai Xiaochun had already reached the top of the mountain. In fact, he could even see two Outer Sect disciples standing just beyond the finish line, waiting there to receive the servants.

“恭喜师 ”山顶出口的位置，那两个外门弟子眼看白小纯到来，微微一笑，开口话语刚说了三个字，还没等说完，就立刻睁大了眼，愣在那里。
As soon as the two Outer Sect disciples caught sight of Bai Xiaochun, they smiled slightly, and one of them said, “Congratulations, Junior Br” However, before he could even finish speaking, his eyes went wide with shock.

只见白小纯身体猛地一顿，踉跄的又跑出几步后，瞬间停顿下来，距离面前的试炼之路的出口山顶，只差一步。
Bai Xiaochun barreled along a few more paces, but then screeched to a halt a mere step in front of the finish line.

他看了眼面前两个外门弟子，那两个外门弟子也看着他，白小纯乖巧的笑了笑后，立刻转身。
He stood there looking at the Outer Sect disciples, and they looked back at him. Then, he gave them a charming smile, and spun to face the other direction.

“停！”
“Stop!” he roared, throwing his hands up into the air.

他转身时向着身后抬手一按，口中大吼，顿时紧随其后的黑三胖与张大胖，气喘吁吁的急速停顿，在这靠近出口的位置，三人都喘着粗气，你看看我，我看看你，都开心的大笑起来。
Instantly, Third Fatty Hei and Big Fatty Zhang wheezed to a stop next to him. The three of them stood there looking at each other, breathing heavily. Then, they broke out into laughter.

而他们身后出口位置的那两位外门弟子，面面相觑，有些摸不清状况，不知道这三位是否脑袋抽风了，到了这里，居然不上来。
The two Outer Sect disciples exchanged dismayed glances, unsure of what exactly was happening. The fact that these three suddenly stopped running at this point seemed to indicate that they were crazy.

“三位师弟，你们是最先到来的，可以过来了，走过这里，此番晋升外门弟子的名额，就是你们三人了。” 两个外门弟子中的一人，好心的开口。
“Junior Brothers,” one of the Outer Sect disciples said cautiously, “the three of you are the first to arrive at the finish line. Just step on over, and you will be promoted into the Outer Sect."

“外门弟子？
“Outer Sect disciples?”


Big Fatty Zhang said, waving his hand dismissively.

谁想成为外门弟子啊。”
“Who wants to become Outer Sect disciples?”

张大胖一摆手，索性与黑三胖一起坐在了那里，两座肉山直接堵住了出口的大门。
He continued to stand there along with Third Fatty Hei, two mountains of flesh who completely blocked the exit gate.

白小纯坐在他们身前，抬起下巴，一脸傲然的等待着。
Bai Xiaochun sat down in front of them, jaw tilted up as he waited, lofty and proud.


The two Outer Sect disciples didn’t seem pleased.

“啊？
“Huh?

不想成为外门弟子，你们来这里干什么？
If you don’t want to be Outer Sect disciples, then what are you doing here?

有毛病吧！”
Are you people crazy or something?”

那两个外门弟子有些不悦。 面对这两个外门弟子的话语，张大胖等人置若罔闻，一双双小眼睛都盯着山下。
Big Fatty Zhang, Third Fatty Hei and Bai Xiaochun pretended not to have heard, and kept their eyes focused further on dow n the mountain. Soon, enough time had passed for an incense stick to burn.


Finally, a long- faced servant struggled up the path, gasping and wheezing.


When he saw Bai

直至又过去了一炷香，才看到远处的台阶上，有个马脸杂役正气喘如牛，缓缓到来，看到白小纯三人时，这马脸杂役叹了口气，眼中带着不甘心，这是他第九次参加试炼了，如今是最有希望的一次，可却遇到了火灶房。
Xiaochun and the others, he immediately sighed. However, his eyes burned with an unyielding light. This was his ninth time participating in the trial by fire, and this was the first time he'd even come close to winning. But then, along came the people from the Ovens.

他满脸悲愤，正要转身放弃时，白小纯连忙站起，高呼开口。
Looking furious, he was just about to turn to leave when Bai Xiaochun shot to his feet and yelled, “Elder Brother, don’t go! Come, come. You know what?

“这位师兄别走啊，来来来，我想了想，舍不得火灶房啊，忽然不想成为外门弟子了，要不这个名额 ”
I just can’t bear to leave the Ovens. All of a sudden, I don’t want to be an Outer Sect disciple after all. Maybe I should give my spot up”

马脸杂役一愣，双眼顿时一亮。
The long-faced servant stared in shock for a moment, and then his eyes began to shine.

第十一章 侯小妹
0010 chapter-11 Hope!

绝处逢生，这是此刻马脸杂役在听到白小纯的话语后，脑海中第一个反应，可紧接着他的目光落在了白小纯身后的两座笑容不怀好意的肉山时，迟疑了一下。
That was the word that flashed into the mind of the long-faced young man as soon as he heard Bai Xiaochun’s words. But then he glanced at the mountains of meat sitting there behind him, grinning maliciously, and he hesitated.

“你 ”
“You”

白小纯一脸笑容，模样可爱，人畜无害的走上几步，拍着马脸杂役的肩膀，笑容可掬的开口。
Bai Xiaochun stepped forward with an utterly charming smile, looking like the type of person who wouldn’t harm a fly. He clasped the long-faced servant on the shoulder and said, “Congratulations on becoming an Outer Sect disciple, Elder Brother.


You are the fish that leaped over the dragon gate.

“恭喜师兄即将成为外门弟子，从此鱼跃龙门，飞黄腾达，未来不可限量啊，可师弟我辛苦的跑到这里，师兄你看是不是要给点补偿啊。”
You will soar like a shooting star, your future limitless. However, your Junior Brother here worked really hard to run all the way to the finish line. Don’t you think it would be appropriate to give a little compensation?”


The servant's face darkened.

马脸杂役面色难看起来，他此刻若还不明白对方的意思，就真的是白活了这么多年，看了白小纯一眼，又看了看张大胖与黑三胖，他脸色阴晴不定，思绪飞快的打转，衡量得失。
If he didn’t understand by now what was going on, then he didn’t deserve to have lived for so many years. He looked at Bai Xiaochun, and then at Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei. Then his expression flickered as he rapidly considered the matter, trying to decide if it was worth it.

很快的，马脸青年狠狠一咬牙，他若放弃这个机会，的确不甘心，等一个月是小事，可谁知道下个月时，是否会遇到其他的强者，且眼前这三人 说不定下个月还会在。
It didn’t take very long before the long-faced young man gritted his teeth and made his decision. If he lost this chance, it might seem like all he was losing was a month of time. However, who knew what other sort of powerful expert would appear during that month. Besides, who was to say whether or not the three people from the Ovens might not show up again in the next trial by fire.

最重要的是，他内心想要成为外门弟子的心已急切，此刻希望就在面前，于是猛的一顿足。
Most important of all was that this young man was dead set on becoming an Outer Sect disciple, and now, hope had been set down right in front of him. Finally, he stamped his foot.

“你要多少补偿！” 他咬牙说道。
“How much compensation do y ou want?” he asked through gritted teeth.


Beaming, Bai Xiaochun quickly replied, “Not much, not much.

“不多不多，我为了这一次试炼，准备了好几个月，这样吧，你给我二十灵石就够了。”
Look, I prepared for several months to participate in this trial by fire. How about we agree to twenty spirit stones? That should be enough.”

白小纯眉飞色舞，连忙狮子大开口，听的马脸青年内心一颤，甩袖就要拒绝时，白小纯再次开口。
When he heard the number mentioned, the long-faced young man’s heart trembled. He flicked his sleeve, and was just about to refuse, when Bai Xiaochun once again spoke up.

“可不是师弟我要的多啊，你看我们是三个人，你不能只给我一个吧，我大师兄和三师兄为了这一次试炼，都饿瘦了。”
“Look, it’s not that I'm being greedy. All three of us are together, you see, so you can’t just think about me. My Eldest Brother and Third Elder Brother both starved themselves and lost a lot of weight for the sake of this trial by fire.”

这一点白小纯倒真没说谎，这一路跑上来，为了速度，张大胖与黑三胖，的确是瘦了一小圈。
In that respect, Bai Xiaochun wasn't lying at all. Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei had bot h lost quite a bit of fat on their way up the mountain.

马脸杂役看了眼张大胖与黑三胖，心底不知骂了多少句，又与白小纯砍价一番，最后定在十六个灵石，最后忍着心痛，扔给白小纯一个口袋。
The long-faced servant eyed Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei, and inwardly began to let loose a torrent of curse words. Then, he started to bargain, and ended up agreeing on sixteen spirit stones. Heart twinging in pain, he finally tossed a bag over to Bai Xiaochun.

“可以了吧！” 他声音都沙哑了。
“Alright?” he asked, his voice hoarse. “Wonderful,” replied Bai Xiaochun cheerily.

“没问题了，师兄在旁等等，一会再来两个后，我们一起开门。”
“Okay, Elder Brother, please wait off to the side for a moment. Once we have two more takers, we’ll open the way to the exit gate.”

白小纯把灵石向着张大胖一扔，喜悦的开口。
Bai Xiaochun tossed the spirit stones to Big Fatty Zhang.

听到还要再等两个，马脸杂役不知为何，竟心底有了一些期待，那是一种我若不好，你也别想好的复杂心绪。
When the long-faced servant realized that they were going to wait for two more people to come, anticipation suddenly welled up in his heart. It was a situation of “if I get screwed, you better not have a smile on your face.”

与此同时，出口旁的那两个外门弟子，亲眼看到了这一幕交易，早已睁大了眼，露出无法置信的神情。
By this point, the two Outer Sect disciples on the other side of the exit gate realized what was going on, and their eyes were wide with disbelief.

“你们 你们在干什么，竟公然的贩卖外门弟子名额，好大的胆子！”
“Wh-what are you people doing?” one of them shouted. “You’re actually selling spots in the Outer Sect? What gall!”

这两个外门弟子，立刻声音严厉，低吼起来。
Big Fatty Zhang was elatedly counting the spirit stones when he heard the Outer Sect disciples. Looking irritated, he turned to glare at them.

“喊什么喊，我们爬到这里累了，不想爬了，让给同门难道不行啊，同门师弟看到我们这么辛苦，主动要给我们一些补偿不行啊。”
“What are you hollering for? It was tiring reaching this point, and now I don’t feel like going any further. Don’t tell me we’re not allowed to let other fellow disciples continue on past us? If they want to give us some compensation for our efforts, what's so wrong with that, huh?”

张大胖正美滋滋的数着灵石，闻言不乐意了，转头狠狠地瞪了那两个外门弟子一眼。


他这一番话，竟说的这两个外门弟子一时无语，不知该怎么反驳。
The two Outer Sect disciples weren’t really sure how to respond to such a statement.

也就在这时，试练之路的台阶上，有七八个人正涨红着脸，喘息的声音如打雷一样，挣扎的快速走来，最前方的一个是位三十多岁的大汉，这大汉赤着上身，一副彪悍的样子，一步步走到山上后，白小纯眼睛一亮，连忙上前。
It was at this point that seven or eight flushed faces could be seen hurrying up the path. The sound of their gasping pants rang out almost like thunder. In the lead position was a burly man of about thirty years of age. He was bare- chested, and looked very impressive as he strode up to the top of the mountain.


Bai Xiaochun immediately stepped forward, eyes gleaming.

“这位师兄，你来晚了一步啊，不过我师兄忽然不想成为外门弟子了，这个名额你要不要？”
“You’re a bit late, Elder Brother. However, I suddenly don’t want to become an Outer Sect disciple. Would you like my spot?”

那大汉怔了一下，听到了白小纯的话语后，又看到山顶上这么多人，立刻明白过来，冷哼一声。
The burly man stared in shock, then turned back to look at all the other servants coming up the mountain behind him.

“你这个小崽子也敢勒索老子，滚开！”
Then he snorted coldly and said, “You think you can extort money from me, you little brat? Beat it!”

他低吼一声，右手抬起猛地一挥，一股凝气三层后期的灵压顿时散开。
Roaring, the man waved his arm, causing the spirit pressure of the third level of Qi Condensation to surge out.

白小纯后退一步，大喊一声。 “大师兄！”
Bai Xiaochun backed up a pace and shouted, “Eldest Brother!”

几乎在白小纯话语传出的瞬间，一座肉山轰然而来，从天而降。
Almost immediately, a mountain of flesh descended from above .

大汉面色大变，骇然的看向上方时，一声轰鸣传来，肉山结结实实砸在了他的身上。
The burly man’s face fell as he looked up. Then, a huge boom rang out as the mountain of flesh smashed into him.

大汉的惨叫传出，被张大胖直接就坐在了身下，挣扎半天，始终无法从那肉山下爬出，若非是身体健壮，怕是早就岔了气晕倒。
The burly man let out a miserable shriek as Big Fatty Zhang proceeded to sit down on top of him. Although he struggled, it was impossible for him to free himself. In fact, if it weren’t for the fact that he was so big and strong to begin with, the air would have been squeezed out of his lungs, and he would have fainted.

这一幕被后方的七八个紧随大汉身后的杂役看到，一个个目瞪口呆，纷纷心惊。
When the seven or so servants coming up the mountain behind the burly man saw what was happening, their eyes went wide with shock.

还有那两个外门弟子，也都在这一刻倒吸口气，看着被压在张大胖身下，身体都似乎要瘪了的大汉，都不由得同情起来。
The two Outer Sect disciples also gasped. The burly man stuck under Big Fatty Zhang almost seemed to be deflating, and they couldn’t help but feel a bit sorry for him. Eyes darting about, Bai Xiaochun leaned over and whispered, “Eldest

“大师兄，有人看着呢。”
Brother, we have an audience.”

白小纯眼珠一转，在张大胖身边低声开口。 与白小纯接触一年多的张大胖一听这句话，顿时明白，牛眼一瞪，抡起锤子般大小的拳头，向着身下的大汉轰隆隆的砸去。
Having known Bai Xiaochun for over a year now, Big Fatty Zhang understood exactly what he meant. Glaring down at the burly man, he clenched his massive hands into hammer-like fists and then began to beat him soundly.

“敢在胖爷面前吃白食，你胆儿肥了啊！”
“How dare you try to freeload off of Lord Fatty!

张大胖一拳落下。
What brazen gall!

“我们兄弟几人辛辛苦苦上来这里，本是要成为外门弟子，因临时放弃，要你一些补偿过分么！”
“It was really hard to climb all the way up here. We wanted to become Outer Sect disciples, but just happened to give up at the last minute. Of course we want some compensation!

“你奶奶的，你居然敢拒绝！”
“Fudge, I can’t believe you refused us!”


After beating him for a bit, Big Fatty

说着，张大胖不但用了拳头，身体还抬起后再次一坐，压得大汉连连惨叫，差点断了气，眼看张大胖的身体又抬起，这大汉一脸恐惧，挣扎的伸出一只手，高举一个口袋，急声开口。
Zhang then jumped back up into the air and then slammed down onto the man. The burly man was shrieking miserably, and could barely breathe. Then Big Fatty Zhang prepared to jump up again, and the man suddenly held a bag out in a shaking hand.

“我给补偿！”
Face filled with terror, he blurted, “Here, take some compensation!”

张大胖一顿，赶紧起身将这大汉服气，脸上露出喜悦，一把抢过口袋看了眼，顿时喜不自禁的上前亲自拍去大汉衣衫上的灰尘。
Big Fatty Zhang immediately helped the burly man to his feet. Face beaming, he took the bag, glanced inside, then helped the man dust off his clothes.

“哈哈，好兄弟，你早说嘛，来来来，在那里排队等等，再来一个，咱们就开门喽。”
“Hahaha. Why didn’t you say so earlier, bro? Look, people are already lining up ahead of you. All we need is one more and we’ll open the path.”

大汉委屈，敢怒不敢言，憋屈的来到马脸杂役的身边，郁闷的不得了，马脸杂役却心底舒坦了很多，觉得自己之前非常英明。
The burly man looked both humiliated and enraged, but didn’t dare to say anything. He stalked over to stand next to the long-faced servant, feeling incredibly depressed. As for the long-faced servant, he already felt a little better, and couldn’t help but feel that he was smarter than this burly fellow.

“大师兄威武！”
“That was incredible, Eldest Brother!”

白小纯脸上都快笑出了花，尤其是看到大汉后面的那些人此刻驻足，一个个面色惊魂未定的模样，更是欣喜。
Bai Xiaochun said, grinning from ear to ear. Then he looked over excitedly at the other servants who had been following the burly man, but were now standing there looking terrified.

张大胖一脸得意，晃晃的走到了出口旁，堵住门，又坐了下来。
Big Fatty Zhang smiled proudly, then walked back to his place by the entrance, where he sat dow n again to block the way.

出口外的那两个外门弟子，此刻面面相觑，他们觉得之前这三个家伙就够过分了，居然勒索，可现在这么一看，似乎之前还是温和的。
The two Outer Sect disciples exchanged dismayed glances. Compared to what had just happened now, the way Bai Xiaochun and the others had extorted the long-faced servant almost seemed mild and gentle.

“他们 他们居然敢强抢！”
“They’re they’re actually robbing people!”

“这就是抢劫！”
“This is robbe ry!”

二人怒火燃烧，心底甚至更多的是嫉妒，隐隐觉得自己当年怎么没想到这么个主意。
They were infuriated, but also a little bit jealous, and couldn’t help but wish they had come up with a similar idea back when they had been participating in the trial by fire.

相比于他们，心中最百感交集的，是那七八个随着大汉后面上来的杂役，他们眼睁睁的看到了大汉被坐在张大胖身下的全部过程，此刻一个个站在那里，目中却慢慢出现了奇异之芒。
Most conflicted of all were the seven servants who had been following close behind the burly man. As they watched Big Fatty Zhang crushing and beating the burly man, their eyes began to shine with a bright light.

原本他们是很难成为外门弟子的，可眼下这么一耽搁，似乎 有了机会。
Previously, becoming an Outer Sect disciple had almost seemed like an impossibility. But now they all of a sudden had hope.

“诸位师兄，还有最后一个名额了，这样好了，你们价高者得！” 白小纯多精的人啊，看到这一幕，立刻开口，他声音尖细，传遍四周，如同引爆了众人心中的思绪，使得粗重的呼吸声，顿时强烈起来。
Looking around excitedly at all the people, Bai Xiaochun suddenly cried out in a high-pitched voice “Ladies and gentlemen, there’s one spot left. How about this, we’ll give it to the highest bidder!” Immediately, the crowd of people realized what was happening, and the sound of their panting grew even louder.

那七八个杂役目中原本的奇异，顿时无限的放大，心中不由得升起了一个又一个心脏加速跳动的念头。
The looks in their eyes became even stranger, and their hearts filled with all sorts of wild possibilities. Almost immediately, people began crying out bids, making it seem almost like an auction.

“我出十个灵石！”
“I’ll bid ten spirit stones!”

“十一个！”
“Eleven!”

“这个名额我要定了，我出十五个灵石！”
“That spot belongs to me. I’ll bid fifteen spirit stones!”

一时之间，叫价之声此起彼伏，仿佛此地成为了拍卖场，听的白小纯三人越发兴奋。
Bai Xiaochun, Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei were instantly elated. When the two Outer Sect disciples heard what was going on, it was like pouring oil onto a fire.

而落在门口处那两个外门弟子耳中，更是火上浇油一样，在他们看去，勒索不说，就算是抢劫也就罢了，可居然在这里开起了拍卖行，立刻二人脑海嗡鸣，心中的荒谬感如惊涛骇浪，觉得三人中最可恶的，不是张大胖了，而是这看起来乖巧的白小纯！
From their perspective, extortion was one thing, and robbe ry could potentially be overlooked. But to see the situation turning into an auction left their minds spinning. It was so outrageous that waves of shock seemed to batter their hearts. To them, the most villainous among the three wasn’t Big Fatty Zhang, but rather, the seemingly charming and innocent Bai

“太过分了，太无耻了！”
Xiaochun! “Outrageous! Shameless!”

其中一个咬牙，眼睛都红了，心底不知是嫉妒还是愤怒，赶紧转身走远，要去通报宗门执事。
One of them finally gritted his teeth and spun around, eyes bloods hot with either jealousy or fury, he wasn't sure which, as he went to report the matter to the Honor Guard.

眼看叫价持续，可白小纯还觉得不够激烈，眼珠一转，再次开口。
Bai Xiaochun wasn’t actually very pleased with the level of bids being called out. His eyes turned up in thought for a moment, and then he cried out,

“诸位师兄要快一些啊，不然时间耽搁的久了，其他同门杂役爬上来了，对他们而言，这是卖身都可以的机会啊。”
“Ladies and gentlemen, we need to hurry things up. Otherwise, other servants are going to show up, and then who knows what lengths they’ll go to in order to win!”

他这话语一出，立刻从众人身后的试炼之路上，有一个女子的声音带着激动，蓦然传来。
In response to his words, the voice of a young woman suddenly called out from further back dow n the mountain.

“我侯小妹出三十个灵石！
“I, Hou Xiaomei, bid thirty spirit stones!

我家里是修真家族，就不缺灵石，谁敢和我抢！”
I come from one of the cultivator clans and have tons of money. Let’s see who dares to try to steal my spot!”

说话的是一个妙龄少女，皮肤白白，身材小巧，还有几分清纯，此刻正气喘吁吁的爬上来。
A pretty young girl huffed and puffed her way up the mountain. She had white skin and a slim frame, and looked quite young.

张大胖一看到这妙龄女子，眼睛都直了，正想说些什么，又忍住了，但却情不自禁的瞄了眼白小纯。
When Big Fatty Zhang saw the pretty young girl, his eyes went wide. He was just about to say something, but stopped himself and looked over at Bai Xiaochun.

随着侯小妹的叫价，此地相互开价的众人立刻就爆了一样，价格顿时飙升，到了最后，那位自称修真家族后人的侯小妹，直接开出了一个让马脸青年与大汉都觉得心惊肉跳，甚至觉得自己占了便宜的价格出来。
Almost as soon as Hou Xiaomei’s words left her mouth, the rest of the servants were thrown into a huge commotion, calling out increasingly high bids. In the end, she named a price that left the horse-faced youth and the burly man trembling in fear. In fact, they even felt like they had just gotten a huge deal.

不多时，侯小妹挺着鼓鼓的胸脯，一脸得意的走出人群，轻蔑了看了眼身后的众人，这才与内心苦笑的马脸青年以及自称狼爷的大汉，三人走上了最后一处台阶，踏出试炼之地。
Hou Xiaomei strode out from the crowd, her ample chest leading the way. She looked back scornfully at everyone else, then joined the long-faced young man and the burly fellow, who called himself Lord Wolf. Together, they walked up to the final step and then exited the trial by fire.

他们的身后，白小纯三人抱拳深深一拜。
Behind them, Bai Xiaochun, Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei clasped hands and bow ed deeply.

“恭喜三位道友，从此鱼跃龙门，飞黄腾达！”
“Congratulations, Fellow Daoists. You are the fish who leaped over the dragon gate, you are galloping divine steeds!”

马脸杂役等人站在山顶，有些恍惚，虽然成为了外门弟子，可却发现自己竟没有多少想象中的喜悦，耳边回荡白小纯等人的话语，马脸杂役与大汉相视一番，只能感慨苦笑。
The long-faced servant and the others stood there at the top of the mountain, somewhat in a daze. Although they were now Outer Sect disciples, for some reason, it wasn’t as joyous of an occasion as they had imagined. Then they heard the words uttered by Bai Xiaochun and the others, and the long-faced young man and the burly servant exchanged rueful, bitter glances.

唯有身边开出天价的侯小妹，激动的振奋不已，白白娇媚的俏脸，此刻红扑扑的。
Hou Xiaomei, on the other hand, seemed extremely excited. Her charming face was even a bit flushed.

“想不到我侯小妹，居然遇到了这种好事。” 侯小妹得意的想到。
“I never thought that I, Hou Xiaomei, would ever encounter such luck,” she thought proudly.

第十二章 篱笆墙上
0011 chapter-12

这一次杂役晋升外门弟子的试炼，就这样的结束了，随着侯小妹三人踏入山顶，渐渐远去，张大胖望着侯小妹的背影，摸了摸肥乎乎的下巴，一脸意味深长。
And thus, the trial by fire concluded. As Hou Xiaomei walked further up the mountain, Big Fatty Zhang looked at her and rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

“恩，白白的，小小的，纯纯的 ”说着，又瞄向一旁的白小纯。


白小纯这个时候，也在看着侯小妹的背影，心中无比复杂，尤其是听到张大胖的话，看到了张大胖偷瞄自己的眼神，白小纯忍不住大叫一声。
Bai Xiaochun was also staring at Hou Xiaomei as she walked off into the distance, his heart filled with conflicting emotions. Then he heard Big Fatty Zhang, and turned to find him looking at him out of the corner of his eye.

“别看我！”
“Hey, what are you looking at?” he yelled.

眼看白小纯生气了，张大胖连忙哈哈一笑，拿出装满灵石的口袋，转移话题。
Big Fatty Zhang laughed loudly at Bai Xiaochun’s anger, then pulled out the bag of spirit stones and quickly changed the topic.

“来来来，我们数数灵石吧，这一次发大了，哈哈，这个办法真不错。”
“Come, come, why don't we count our spirit stones? We’re rich now! Hahaha! This really was a great idea.”

“灵石有什么好数的，数来数去不就那些么。” 白小纯哼了一声。
“What's the point in counting them?” replied Bai Xiaochun with a cold harrumph. “No matter how many times you do it, it won't change how many there are.”

“这个九师弟你就不懂了，看的是灵石，数的是人生。”
“Ninth Junior Brother, you don’t understand. What you’re looking at is just spirit stones, but what you’re counting is life.”

张大胖口中难得说出这么有人生感悟的话语，听的白小纯一愣，也学着张大胖的样子数了数灵石，最后实在无聊，扔给了张大胖。
Big Fatty Zhang rarely spoke of the profundities of life. To hear him speak in such a way left Bai Xiaochun shocked. He took the bag and tried to count the spirit stones the way Big Fatty Zhang would, bu t quickly got bored and handed the bag back.

就在这时，试炼之路上阵阵光芒闪耀，所有人眼前一花，当清晰时，已都到了山下。
It was at about this time that glittering light rose up along the trial by fire path. Everyone’s vision swam, and when it became clear again, they were back at the bottom of the mountain.

那位之前开启试炼之路的中年执事，在看到白小纯三人后，面色古怪，半晌后摇了摇头，不再理会，有关火灶房的事情，他觉得还是交给宗门来处理好了。
When the middle-aged honor guard who was in charge of the trial by fire saw Bai Xiaochun and the others, a strange expression appeared on his face. After a moment, he shook his head and ignored them. As far as he was concerned, the sect would have to figure out what to do w ith the Ovens.

白小纯三人心里还有些紧张，眼看没事，三人相互看了看，立刻相互干咳几声，快速离去，顺着近路直奔火灶房。
Bai Xiaochun and the others were nervous, but seeing that there were no immediate repercussions, they exchanged glances, cleared their throats, and quickly headed back to the Ovens.

张大胖自顾自的数着灵石，一遍又一遍，直至回到了火灶房后，其他几个胖子师兄也都回来了，一个个都是美滋滋的，相互见面后都得意非凡。
Big Fatty Zhang kept counting the spirit stones over and over again, all the way until they were back at the Ovens. The other fatties soon returned, also elated. Everyone exchanged glances, and then looked extremely proud of themselves.

分到了属于自己的那一份后，白小纯仍在了草屋里，他的追求是长生，若非是这一次需要购买草药换延年益寿丹，他也不会想出这么个赚取灵石的主意。
After the loot had been split up, Bai Xiaochun went back to his hut. He had come to this place seeking to live forever. Were it not for the fact that he needed the medicinal plants to exchange for an Age-Prolonging Longevity- Enhancing Pill, he would never have even thought for a moment about spirit stones.

这一夜，火灶房的所有人都没睡好觉，张大胖等人是乍富之后，激动了一夜，回想之前数年口袋干瘪的日子，又遥想未来的美好，随后又有些后怕忐忑，于是都失眠了。
That night, nobody in the Ovens could sleep. Big Fatty Zhang and the others were simply too excited from getting rich all of a sudden. In the past, their coin purses had been depressingly empty, but now, the future seemed bright and glorious. That having been said, they were still worried about the possible repercussions of what they had done, making it difficult for them to fall asleep.

而白小纯这里，想着延年益寿丹，一样失眠。
As for Bai Xiaochun, he couldn’t stop thinking about the Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill, and was equally unable to fall asleep.

当第二天到来时，随着火灶房试炼之路堵门的事情的发酵，在灵溪宗南岸的所有杂役区一传十，十传百，最后几乎无人不知。
The next day, the news about the Ovens blocking the path during the trial by fire spread like wildfire through the entire servants district on the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect. Soon, everybody had heard.

“听说了么，火灶房干了一件大事！”
“Did you hear what the Ovens crew did?”

“他们莫非是穷疯了，居然做出这种事情，天啊，卖外门弟子的名额！
“Are they crazy? I can't believe they did that! Heavens! They sold spots into the Outer Sect!

太过分了，怎么我之前没想到这个主意！”
Outrageous! How come I never thought to do t hat?”

“这火灶房我早就听说里面每个人都很有来头，都是与宗门内有些关联的人，不然怎么可能每个都吃的那么令人发指！”
“I’ve heard that the people from the Ovens have important backgrounds and are really well connected in the sect. Otherwise, how could they dare to do something so infuriating?”

杂役区内，所有房，所有人，在这一天几乎全部都是在讨论火灶房。
All departments and individuals in the servants district were talking about the Ovens.

火灶房也在这几天低调了很多，所有人几乎从不单独外出，直至数日后的一天黄昏，白小纯正在向着一口口底很厚的大碗内倒米汤时，忽然的从外面的小路上，传来阵阵脚步声。
In the following days, the crew tried to keep a low profile, and even avoided going out alone. One evening several days later, Bai Xiaochun was ladling soup out into one thick-bottomed bowl after another. Suddenly, he heard the sounds of footsteps coming from the path outside. “Everyone from the Ovens get out here immediately!

“火灶房的人出来，监事房奉命前来调查你等试练之路的事情！”
The Supervisors Department has received orders to investigate your role in what happened during the trials by fire!”

阴冷的声音蓦然传来时，火灶房的大门，被人直接一脚踢开。
Even as the voice called out, the main gate of the Ovens was kicked in loudly.

哐啷一声，大门被踢到，从门外闯来十多个穿着监事房衣衫的杂役弟子，当首之人，正是之前为许宝财出头的那位虎背熊腰的大汉。
The sound of the door being kicked open echoed out as several servants burst in, all of them wearing the robes of the Supervisors Department. Leading them all was none other than the burly man who had come last time with Xu

“我说怎么今天早上又听到了乌鸦叫，原来是陈飞你又来了。”
Baocai.

张大胖与白小纯相互看了看，都装出没事人一样，与其他几个胖子一起，淡定的望着气势汹汹走来的监事房众人。
Big Fatty Zhang and Bai Xiaochun exchanged a glance, then walked out nonchalantly to face the combative group from the Supervisors Department. “I thought I heard the crows squawking this morning,” Big Fatty Zhang said.

陈飞冷笑，目光看了眼张大胖，又扫了眼白小纯，忽然眉头微皱，眼前这火灶房的人，实在太镇定了。
“I should have known that you would be showing up today, Chen Fei.” Chen Fei laughed coldly as he looked first at Big Fatty Zhang and then at Bai Xiaochun. Their completely calm demeanor caused him to frown.

他来时的路上内心颇为兴奋，认为自己终于抓住了火灶房的痛脚，可以一举打掉火灶房，结束两房之间长达多年的相互内斗。
On the way, he had been extremely excited, having believed himself to have finally gained the advantage he needed to be able to take down the Ovens, to put an end to the animosity that had existed for years between their two departments.

“故作镇定！”
“Quit pretending to be so calm!”

陈飞内心冷笑，眼中露出厉色，森森开口。
Chen Fei said with a cold, eerie laugh. His eyes flickered with a fierce light.

“火灶房，陈某问你们，数日前杂役晋升外门弟子的试炼，你们九人可曾参加！”
“People of the Ovens, allow me to ask, did the nine of you attend the most recent trial by fire for servant promotion to the Outer Sect?”

“参加了。” 张大胖笑着说道。
“Sure did,” Big Fatty Zhang replied, chuckling.

“参加了就好，带走！”
“That's all I need to know. Take them away!”

陈飞没有多说废话，右手抬起一指，立刻身后十多位监事房的杂役全部冲出，手中拿着铁链，似要捆绑火灶房众人。
Chen Fei didn’t mince his words. He waved his right index finger, and immediately, a dozen or so servants from the Supervisors Department quickly hurried forward with iron manacles to arrest the Ovens staff.

白小纯眼看如此，笑着传出话语。
Seeing this, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but laugh and say, “Is your

“监事房什么都管呀，都限制了我们成为外门弟子的资格，真是威风。”
Supervisors Department in charge of everything? You can even disqualify us from being able to become Outer Sect disciples? You guys are pretty powerful.”

陈飞看到白小纯，心底不由得浮现出当日白小纯飞剑的一幕，摆手时身边的众人停顿下来，他盯着白小纯，渐渐眯起眼睛。
Chen Fei couldn’t help but think of the recent incident with the flying sword. He held his hand out to stop the other servants, then looked at Bai Xiaochun with narrowed eyes.

“白师弟你既然不服气，那么陈某就再问你一句，你们火灶房，试炼之路上堵住出口，当众贩卖名额，你们既然做了，敢不敢承认！”
“Junior Brother Bai, if you're still not convinced of my authority, then answer me another question. Did you Ovens people block the exit of the trial by fire and then sell spots in the Outer Sect? Do you dare to admit that you did such a thing?”

“当然承认，是我们做的！”
“Of course I admit it!”

白小纯很坦然，一副乖巧的模样，连连点头，还一指张大胖他们。 “他们也都做了。”
Bai Xiaochun replied with a calm nod, looking quite charming. He even pointed at Big Fatty Zhang and the others and said, “So do they.”

“没错，我们都做了，怎么的！”
“That's right, we all do. S o what?”

张大胖等人哈哈一笑，也都承认。
Big Fatty Zhang said with a hearty laugh.

这一幕让陈飞面色一变，他没想到火灶房的人居然这么就承认了，在他想来，这是需要一番艰苦的斗智斗勇后，才会让火灶房的人不得不承认的事情。
Chen Fei’s face flickered. He had never imagined that the Ovens staff would actually admit to the allegations. He had expected them to give in only after a bitter and protracted battle of wits.

此刻觉得诡异，心底隐隐有种不妙之感，于是不在多言，低吼一声。
The way things were playing out seemed strange, and an odd feeling was growing inside of him. Therefore, it was without another word that he growled, “Excellent.

“好好好，既然承认了，也省的陈某继续问了，那么就随我走一趟执法堂吧，若有人敢反抗，依据门规，将逐出宗门！”
Since you admit it, then it saves me having to ask more questions. You're going to come with me to the Hall of Justice. If any of you dare to resist us, then in accord with the sect rules, you’ll be immediately expelled!”

陈飞说着，身体一跃而起，直奔白小纯，他身后的众人也都冲来。
With that, he flew forward toward Bai Xiaochun, followed by the rest of his group.

可就在这时，白小纯右手忽然抬起，掐诀间一道剑光从其袖口内飞出，那把五颜六色的木剑一瞬飞出，在监事房与火灶房之间呼啸而过，寒芒逼人，让那陈飞脚步一顿，面色顿时难看。
However, it was at this point that Bai Xiaochun suddenly extended his right hand and performed an incantation gesture. Immediately, a beam of sword light shot out from his sleeve, transforming into a colorful wooden sword. The instant the sword appeared between the two groups, it let off an oppressively cold glow. Chen Fei stopped in his tracks, his face falling.

“白小纯，你敢反抗！”
“Bai Xiaochun, how dare you resist arrest!”

“陈师兄，监事房有问询的资格，哪里来的抓人资格？”
“Elder Brother Chen, the Supervisors Department might have the right to question us, but where did you get the right to arrest us?”

“哼，你们都承认自己犯了门规，我当然有抓你们的资格！”
“Hmph! What you admitted to violates sect rules, of course I have the right to arrest you!”

“不知我们犯了哪一条门规？”
“Wait, what sect rule did we violate?”

白小纯笑眯眯的问了一句，张大胖等人也都眯起眼，嘴角露出冷笑，望着陈飞。
Bai Xiaochun asked with narrowed eyes. Big Fatty Zhang and the others also looked at Chen Fei with narrowed eyes and cold smiles.

“你们贩卖外门名额，违反了门规第 恩？”
“You sold a spot into the Outer Sect, which violates sect rule number wait, huh?”

陈飞正说着，忽然一顿，随后面色快速变化，渐渐额头居然出了冷汗。
Suddenly, Chen Fei stopped speaking, and his face fell. Beads of sweat poppe d out on his forehead.

他骇然的发现，门规内竟没有不允许别人贩卖试炼路上外门名额的说法 毕竟这方法，很少有人能去想到，即便是想到，也没有胆量去做
It was only at this point that he suddenly realized that there was actually no sect rule specifically forbidding people from selling spots into the Outer Sect while on the path of the trial by fire After all, not many people would think to do such a thing, and even if they did, they would likely not have the gumption to go through with the plan “Elder Brother Chen, why are you sweating?” Bai Xiaochun asked, sounding flabbergasted. However, as he spoke, his words grew louder and louder.

“陈师兄你怎么出汗了，到底我们犯了哪一条啊，你倒是说啊，莫非我们没有触犯门规，是陈师兄你欺骗执法堂，公报私仇，来这里要对我们动私刑？
“Come on, what rule was it that we violated? Just say it. Wait, could it be that we didn't violate any sect rules? Elder Brother Chen, did you trick the


Hall of Justice into carrying out your own personal vendetta?


Is that why you came here to punish us?

陈师兄，你这是犯下门规第九卷第十一条啊，依据门规，惩罚不小啊！”
Elder Brother Chen, what you are doing is a violation of volume nine statute number eleven of the sect rules! That comes with a heavy punishment!”

白小纯摆出诧异的神情，追问了一句后，声音越来越大，内心暗自舒爽。
By the end of his speech, he felt great.

“你胡说，我 ”这一刻不但是陈飞面色变了，他身后的其他监事房的杂役，也都意识到了问题，一个个面色瞬间都变化起来。
“Liar! I” It wasn’t just Chen Fei’s face who fell. All of the other servants from the Supervisors Department all realized that a huge mistake had been made.

与此同时，张大胖狞笑的抬起双手，在身前咔吧咔吧的揉捏几下，其他几个胖子师兄眼中露出凶芒，向着监事房众人走去。
It was at this point that Big Fatty Zhang smiled viciously, lifted up both hands, and cracked his knuckles. Fierce gleams appeared in the eyes of the other fatties as they began to walk toward the group from the Supervisor’s

“陈飞，你犯了门规的事，自有执法堂负责，现在我们火灶房这无数先烈当年锻造的大门，该怎么赔偿，你今天得给我们一个交代！” 张大胖笑容狰狞，气势在这一刻骤然崛起。
Department. “Chen Fei, the Hall of Justice will deal with your violation of sect rules,” said Big Fatty Zhang with a vicious grin, his energy surging. “But right now, you had better explain how you’re going to compensate for the Ovens’ cherished main gate, which was painstakingly forged by the hands of numerous past ancestors who died in the process!”

他们既然敢去试炼之路堵门，自然准备周全，早在白小纯两个月前提出这个想法时，他们就已把门规翻烂，这才干了这件大事。
Since they had dared to block the finish line of the trial by fire, they had naturally done so after being fully prepared. Bai Xiaochun had suggested early on that they research the sect rules before enacting their huge plan.

“打！”
“Charge!” cried Big Fatty Zhang.

随着张大胖话语传出，他肉山般的身影，让陈飞等人心神一颤。
His mountain-like figure immediately caused Chen Fei and the others to begin to tremble.

一时之间，院子里打斗之声乒砰乱响，白小纯身体一晃，又习惯性的站在了院子旁的篱笆墙上，小袖一甩，背着双手，故作深沉的看着远方，摆出那副高手寂寞，功成身退的模样。
Instantly, the clashing and clanging sounds of battle rang out in the courtyard. As for Bai Xiaochun, his body flashed through the air as he alighted on his usual spot atop the bamboo fence which surrounded the courtyard. He flicked his sleeve and clasped his hands behind his back. Looking off into the distance, he looked every bit the lonely hero who didn't deign to participate in the fighting.

“我白小纯弹指间，监事房灰飞烟灭 ”
“With the snap of a finger, I, Bai Xiaochun, reduced the Supervisors

第十三章 你也来吧！
Department to ash” 0012 chapter-13

监事房与火灶房的争斗，已持续了多年，彼此之间摩擦众多，可却都把握好尺度，不会让事情闹的太大，最多也就是受伤罢了。
The Supervisor’s Department and the Ovens had been at odds for years. There was a lot of friction between the two, but usually things were kept under control. The worst that ever happened were minor injuries.

如今这场因试炼之路而掀起的打斗，持续了也就是一炷香的时间，在张大胖等人的拳打脚踢下，监事房的陈飞等人一个个鼻青脸肿，不得不各自拿出几块灵石赔偿大门，这才放下一番狠话，忍着怨气离去。
The battle over the trial by fire went on for the time it takes an incense stick to burn. Big Fatty Zhang and the others beat Chen Fei and the Supervisors Department squad until they were black and blue. Only when they forked over enough spirit stones to pay for the main gate were they allowed to leave, cursing the entire time.

临走前，陈飞回头看了站在篱笆墙上装出深沉样子的白小纯，心底恨意更多，他发现自从白小纯到了火灶房后，这火灶房就越发可恶了。
Before departing, Chen Fei looked over at Bai Xiaochun standing there on the bamboo fence, and the hatred in his heart grew deeper. As far as he was concerned, ever since Bai Xiaochun showed up, the Ovens had only become more and more repulsive.

这场打斗也引起了整个杂役区的关注，当南岸的诸多杂役发现监事房竟对火灶房无可奈何时，一个个心底都愤愤不已，但也有一些杂役如侯小妹一样，觉得火灶房的行为，对自身而言是一个好机会。
The fight had attracted quite a bit of attention in the servants district. Many of the servants, upon realizing that the Supervisors Department could do nothing to the Ovens, were angrier than ever. However, other servants were like Hou Xiaomei, and felt that what the Ovens had done meant that they would now have a good oppor tunity in the trials by fire.

直至第二个月到来，试炼之路再次开启，早早的火灶房的众人就飞奔而去，昂首挺胸的守在试炼路的入口处。
In fact, when the trials by fire started the following month, the Ovens crew proudly made their way to the starting line.

四周的杂役，一个个怒视他们。
The surrounding servants looked at them furiously.

“诸位同门，你们要是比我们爬的快，自然不用买我们的名额，我们这么做都是为了宗门，为了让大家有竞争力，优中选优！”
Big Fatty Zhang cleared his throat, looked around at the other servants, and said, “Ladies and gentlemen, if you get to the top more quickly than us, then you won’t have to buy a spot. We're doing this for the good of the sect! A good s truggle will bring out the best of the best!”

张大胖干咳一声，向着四周杂役开口，这番话是白小纯告诉他的，此刻说出来，顿时众杂役纷纷咬牙。
He had been instructed by Bai Xiaochun to word things in such a way, and the result was that the surrounding servants clenched their jaws in anger.

直至钟声回荡，试炼之路开启的瞬间，火灶房的众人以及所有杂役，都玩命般的一冲而去，似卯足了劲，要去与火灶房比一比。
When the bells began to toll, and the trial by fire began, the Ovens crew, as well as all the other servants, began to race up the mountain as if their lives depended on it.

可很快的，他们望着火灶房这几个胖子以及白小纯的身影消失在了目光尽头后，一个个顿时苦笑，但却咬牙不甘心的继续前行。
Soon, the fatties and Bai Xiaochun were so far ahead they couldn’t even be seen. The other servants smiled bitterly, but continued on with the race.

这么一来，还真多多少少的符合了张大胖的话语
Apparently, they had taken Big Fatty Zhang’s words to heart

又一次成功之后，火灶房众人气势如虹，彻彻底底的轰动了杂役区，使得无数杂役近乎闻风色变，偏偏他们修为高深，体型惊人，让人敢怒不敢言。
Yet again, the Ovens crew succeeded in spectacular fashion, which caused a huge commotion in the servants district. After all, they had profound cultivation bases, and their physical frames were enormous. No one dared to say anything.

这种风光，是这么多年来，火灶房所没有的，尽管之前火灶房在杂役区就有很大的名气，可现在，这名气之大，已是火灶房历史上的巅峰。
The Ovens was now more in the spotlight than they had ever been. Although they were well known in the servants district, their current fame surpassed anything from past years.

此后又过去两个月，只要是试炼之路开启，火灶房的众人就一个个精神抖擞，飞奔而去，在他们看来，每个月的这一天，就是发灵石的日子了。
Another two months passed, and whenever there were trials by fire, the Ovens crew quickly hurried over. As far as they were concerned, that time of the month was their spirit stone payday.

白小纯这里一样振奋，看着自己的灵石越来越多，购买药草所需的数量即将要攒够时，又一次的试炼之路开启了。
Bai Xiaochun was also excited by the buildup of spirit stones. He would soon have enough to buy all of the medicinal plants he needed. Eventually, yet another round of trials by fire began.

这一天清晨，张大胖，黑三胖，还有其他胖子师兄早早起床，与白小纯一起，九人飞奔而去，路上三三散开，白小纯三人直奔香云山。
It was currently dawn. Big Fatty Zhang, Third Fatty Hei, and all the other fatties woke up early. Bai Xiaochun joined them, and the nine of them sped along, then split into three groups, with the group led by Big Fatty Zhang heading toward Fragrant Cloud Peak.


However, a group from the Supervisors Department intercepted them en route.


No explanations were given, and fighting broke out immediately.


The

可就在途中，监事房的人突然出现，不由分说的随意找了个理由，就与白小纯三人打斗了一番，对方人数众多占了优势，使得这场混战时间略久，直至钟声回荡，张大胖立刻急了，眼睛都红了起来。
Supervisors Department held the advantage in terms of numbers, leading to a chaotic battle. Soon, the toll of bells could be heard, causing Big Fatty Zhang to grow so anxious that his eyes were shot with blood. As soon as the sound of the bells could be heard, the group from the Supervisors Department scattered.

也就是在这个时候，监事房的众人却一哄而散，气的张大胖狠狠跺脚，来不及去追击，连忙与白小纯以及黑三胖，三人飞奔冲向香云山的试炼之路，到了那里眼看四周没多少人了，三人着急，赶紧上山。
Big Fatty Zhang, Bai Xiaochun and Third Fatty Hei were incensed, but had no time to give chase. They immediately sped toward the trial by fire on Fragrant Cloud Peak. When they arrived at the entrance of the path, nobody was there, so they instantly began to race up the mountain.

“监事房的那群王八蛋，等一会我下山的，召集所有咱们火灶房的师弟，去砸了监事房！”
“Those Supervisors Department bastards!” cursed Big Fatty Zhang. “Just wait until we’re done here, I’ll call all the Junior Brothers together and we’ll go beat the crap out of ‘em!”

张大胖穿着粗气，怒声开口时爆发全部潜力，体内脂肪被剧烈的燃烧，身体肉眼可见的瘦了一圈圈，速度随之不断地暴增。
He was pushing so hard that the fat in his body was burning away, making him visibly thinner. However, the result was explosive speed.

白小纯这里也心底来气，他只差一点灵石就够了，此刻狠狠一咬牙，本就很快的速度，立刻再次倍增，与张大胖还有黑三胖一起，三人在这试炼之路奔跑时，一一超越了前方的杂役。
Bai Xiaochun was also furious. He only needed a few more spirit stones to reach his goal. Gritting his teeth, he pushed forward with all the speed he could muster. Keeping pace with Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei, he shot up the path, passing one servant after another.

直至快要到了山顶时，三人忽然面色难看起来，因为在那山顶上，距离出口很近的位置，赫然有三个身影站在那里。
As soon as they reached the top of the mountain, their faces darkened. Standing there at the peak, blocking the entrance, were three people.

当首之人正是监事房的陈飞，他身后两个大汉，也都是凝气三层的样子，三人站在那里，察觉白小纯等人的身影后，一个个大笑起来。
Standing up front was Chen Fei, flanked by two burly men who appeared to be at the third level of Qi Condensation. As soon as they saw Bai Xiaochun and the others, they started laughing uproariously.

“张大胖，白小纯，你们来晚了！
“Big Fatty Zhang and Bai Xiaochun are here!

不过没关系，我这里刚好有名额，你们要不要。”
Well, don’t worry, we still have spots left. You want one?”

“卑鄙，无耻，小人！” 张大胖两眼泛红，咬牙切齿。
Big Fatty Zhang gritted his teeth. Eyes bloods hot, he yelled, “Despicable! Shameless!

“既然不违反门规，你们火灶房能来，我们监事房一样能来！”
You flunkies!” “Hey, since this isn’t breaking sect rules, then if you people from the Ovens can come here, then so can the Supervisors Department!”

“哈哈，这生意以后归我们监事房了！”
“Hahaha! This business belongs to the Supervisors Department now!”

陈飞三人声音传出，落入白小纯三人耳中，张大胖怒火中烧，显然对方早有预谋，所以之前才有监事房的人来阻挡他们三人。
When Bai Xiaochun and the others heard the mocking laughter of Chen Fei and his friends, their rage burned. Now it was obvious why the others from the Supervisors Department had ambushed them on the way here. It was all a big plot! Big Fatty Zhang let out a bellow of rage and was just about to attack Chen


Fei.

张大胖怒吼一声，正要对陈飞三人出手，在他想来，这一次打斗是免不了了，而且以后这样的事情，还不知会出现多少次，这等于是抢他的灵石一样，让张大胖这里怒火腾腾。
As far as he was concerned, a fight at this point was unavoidable. Furthermore, he had no way of knowing how often the same thing would happen again in the future. It was essentially the same as stealing spirit stones from him, which caused his fury to bubble and boi l. Third Fatty Hei was equally enraged.

黑三胖一样愤怒，可就在二人要出手的瞬间，白小纯眼珠一转，忽然低声开口。
However, in the same moment that the two of them were about to attack, Bai Xiaochun looked up in thought and then suddenly whispered, “Eldest Brother, run as fast as you can and then push them over the finish line.

“大师兄，使劲跑，把他们三个推上山，我们宁可这一次不要灵石了，也要断了监事房日后与我们抢生意的路！”
We might not get any spirit stones this time, but at least the Supervisors Department won’t be able to steal our business in the future!”

他话语一出，张大胖目中顿时露出狂喜，越发觉得白小纯肚子的坏水实在是太多太多了，扬天大笑时，身体蓦然冲出，黑三胖那里也是双眼一亮，嘿嘿笑了笑，身体晃动，与张大胖并排。
Big Fatty Zhang’s eyes immediately went wild with joy. More than ever, he realized how much of a villain Bai Xiaochun was. Laughing heartily, he suddenly shot forward. Third Fatty Hei followed Big Fatty Zhang, chuckling, eyes shining.

这试炼的山路本就不是很宽，此刻张大胖与黑三胖横在一起，立刻就如同一面墙般，随着冲出，掀起了阵阵风声。
The path wasn’t very wide, and when Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei charged forward together, they were almost like a huge wall.

速度之快，刹那直奔陈飞三人，很快就接近了。
A wind kicked up as they sped directly toward Chen Fei and the others.

白小纯在张大胖身后，尖声的叫嚣。
Bai Xiaochun followed behind Big Fatty Zhang, letting out a wild whoop.

陈飞三人眼看如此，毫不迟疑的纷纷出手，可他们就算再出手，也不如眼下红了眼，如同受惊野猪般的张大胖以及黑三胖。
Without the slightest hesitation, Chen Fei and his friends attacked. However, it did no good. Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei were charging forward like startled wild boa rs.

这二人此刻的冲击，可以说是惊天地泣鬼神，一路狂奔，直接就撞在了陈飞的身上，陈飞三人身体立刻后退，随即面色猛地大变，一个个眼中露出骇然，他们此刻已然看出了火灶房的意图，纷纷头皮一炸。
Their dual attack was shocking enough to make ghosts and gods weep. They charged madly forward, slamming into Chen Fei and his friends, forcing them back. Chen Fei and his friends were completely shocked, and when they realized what the Ovens crew was doing, their scalps felt like they were about to explode.

若是在其他的区域，陈飞三人可以闪躲，也可以反击，但在这里，他们的反击不但没有效果，反而加速的身体的退后。
In any other situation, Chen Fei and his friends would dodg e to the side or counterattack. But here, fleeing backward would do no good, and would in fact hasten their defeat.

越是退后，陈飞三人面色就越是惊恐。
As they were pushed back, their faces filled with fury.

要知道他们也不想这么快成为外门弟子，一旦去了外门，就不再是监事房，而是寻常弟子，会少了太多的油水
Obviously, they had no desire to become Outer Sect disciples. After being promoted, they would no longer be in the Supervisors Department, and would become ordinary disciples again, losing access to their ill-gotten gains.

“张师兄别冲动，有话好说 ”陈飞额头冷汗出现，连忙开口，话语刚说到一半，立刻被白小纯尖细的声音打断。
“Elder Brother Zhang, stop it!” blurted Chen Fei, sweat pouring down his forehead. “There’s something I want to say” However, before he could finish, he was interrupted by Bai Xiaochun.

“大师兄冲啊，把他们推上山！”
“Eldest Brother, keep going! Push them over the finish line!”

张大胖闻言扬天大吼，身体猛地速度再快一倍，黑三胖一样如此，二人并排而去，轰轰之声传出时，陈飞身后的一个监事房的大汉，第一个无法抵抗，在这狭窄的区域被直接撞出了台阶，落在了山顶上，站在那里时，他欲哭无泪。
In response, Big Fatty Zhang let out a roar and pushed forward even harder. Third Fatty Hei joined him, and rumbling sounds echoed out as they shoved Chen Fei and two other burly fellows down the narrow path. The first to cross the finish line was one of the burly men, who then stood there at the top of the mountain, wanting to cry, but unable to.

几乎在他被撞出去的同时，另一个监事房的杂役大汉，发出一声惨叫，身体蹬蹬蹬的后退，一脚踏出了试炼之路，站在了山顶后，他捶着胸口，不甘心到了极致。
The other burly fellow let out a miserable scream. Staggering backward, he began to beat his chest in regret.

最后一个是陈飞，任凭他如何抵抗，在这狭窄的山路上，也最终被轰的一声，直接撞了出去，他眼睛彻底红了，踏在山顶时，看向张大胖等人，目中露出一副要杀人的光芒。
Last to cross over was Chen Fei. No matter how he struggled, the path was too narrow, and a boom could be heard as he was forced off the path. He glared back at Big Fatty Zhang and the others, eyes bloods hot and filled with murder.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!”

他最恨的不是张大胖，而是出了这个损招的白小纯。
The person they hated the most wasn’t Big Fatty Zhang, but rather Bai Xiaochun, who had come up with the despicable plan to begin with.

此刻在这山顶上，那两个在这里负责的外门弟子，眼睁睁的看着这一幕发生，彼此干咳一声，退后几步没有说话。
The two Outer Sect disciples at the top of the mountain had been watching as the whole scene played out. They cleared their throats, and then backed up a bit, having nothing to say.

靠近出口的试炼之路上，张大胖与黑三胖，嚣张的大笑起来。
Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei now stood at the finish line, sticking their chests out in pride and laughing heartily. “See you later, Chen Fei!” said Big Fatty Zhang, slapping his stomach and causing the fat to jiggle. “Hahaha!

“陈飞，再见了，哈哈，以后在杂役区看不到你，我会想你的，真羡慕你可以成为外门弟子啊。”
Although, not in the servants district! Hahaha! I’ll miss you! Congratulations on becoming an Outer Sect disciple!”

张大胖一拍肚子，肥肉掀起无数波澜。 陈飞三人鲜血吐血，杀人的心都起了。
Chen Fei and his friends very nearly coughed up blood, and in their hearts, they wanted nothing more than to commit murder. Bai Xiaochun lifted his chin up, looking very pleased.

“三位师兄不用感谢，恭喜你们鱼跃龙门，成为外门弟子，飞黄腾达，师弟这里非常羡慕啊。”
“There’s no need to thank us, Elder Brothers. Congratulations on becoming the fish which leaped over the dragon gate. As Outer Sect disciples, your meteoric success will be like the galloping divine steed.

白小纯抬起下巴，一脸得意。
We Junior Brothers offer sincere congratulations!”

可就在他这得意的话语传出的瞬间，一个冰冷的声音，蓦然的从香云山的山顶，淡淡传出。
However, even as his words rang out, a cold harrumph rang out from the top of Fragrant Cloud Peak.

“不用羡慕了，你也来吧。”
“There’s no need for congratulations, you’re coming too.”

这声音落入白小纯耳中的刹那，他身体猛地一个哆嗦，眼中露出恐惧时，一股巨大的吸力猛地从山顶传来，一把笼罩了白小纯，将他的身体瞬间一卷，直奔山顶。
Almost as soon as the words entered Bai Xiaochun’s ears, he began to tremble. His eyes filled with fear as a powerful force surged down from further up the mountain, enveloped him, and then began to pull up the mountain.

白小纯发出惨叫，一把抱住试练之路旁边的一颗大树上的树干上，死死的抱住，叫声更为凄惨。
Bai Xiaochun let out a miserable shriek, and quickly latched his arms around a tree that bordered the trial by fire.

“师兄救我！”
“Elder Brothers, save me!” he screamed.


This development occurred too quickly.


Before Big Fatty Zhang and Third

这一幕太突然，张大胖与黑三胖还没有反应过来，就听咔嚓一声，白小纯抱着的树干直接折断，他的身体如断了线的风筝，直接就被卷到了山顶，与此同时，一个中年男子从山顶走出，穿着一身淡蓝色的长袍，神色不怒自威，正是
Fatty Hei could even react, a cracking sound could be heard as the tree Bai Xiaochun was holding on to split in half. He flew backward like a kite with its string cut, spinning upward toward the top of the mountain. At the same time, a middle-aged man appeared up above , wearing a long blue cloak, looking very threatening despite not looking angry.


It was none other than

李青候。
Li Qinghou.

第十四章 三师兄？
0013 chapter-14

三师姐？ 看到这一幕，陈飞三人立刻幸灾乐祸，一个个望着白小纯，大有一种天道恢恢疏而不漏的感觉，而那两个负责此地的外门弟子，也是神色内露出解恨的神情，他们还从来没有对杂役，升起过如此心绪。
Chen Fei and his friends were always happy to gloat in the misfortune of others. As they watched what was happening to Bai Xiaochun, they couldn’t help but feel as if the grand laws of heaven were truly being enforced implacably. As for the two Outer Sect disciples in charge of the trial by fire, they looked on with hatred, a sensation that no other servant had ever caused them to feel.

“我不去啊 ”白小纯身体落地，发出惨叫，阵阵哀嚎传出，声音里透出的委屈之意，足以让闻者流泪。
“I don’t wanna go” Bai Xiaochun ploppe d onto the ground and immediately began to wail, his voice filled with such a feeling of being abused that any listener would surely weep.

与此同时，试炼之路上的张大胖与黑三胖，在看到李青候后，身体哆嗦了一下，赶紧低头，就要趁着李青候不注意逃掉。
Simultaneously, back down on the path, Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei saw Li Qinghou and began to quiver. They quickly bowed their heads to avoid notice.

“九师弟啊，不是大师兄不救你，香云山掌座都出现了，你就只能在外门吃苦了 ”张大胖心底连连叹息，正猫腰低头要溜走时，突然的，他的耳边传来李青候的声音。
“Ah, Ninth Junior Brother, it’s not that I refused to save you. Now that the peak lord of Fragrant Cloud Peak has shown up, you have no choice but to suck it up in the Outer Sect” Big Fatty Zhang heaved continuous sighs in his heart as he hunched his shoulders and tried to inconspicuously scuttle away. However, it was at that point that Li Qinghou’s voice suddenly rang in his ears.

“还有你们两，也来吧。”
“You two are coming along as well.”

几乎在张大胖听到这句话的瞬间，一股巨大的吸力蓦然传来，直接卷着张大胖与黑三胖，不给他们抱住大树的机会，直接拽到了山顶。
As soon as Big Fatty Zhang heard the words, a powerful force dragged both him and Third Fatty Hei up into the air. They didn’t even have a chance to grab onto a tree before they were hauled to the top of the mountain.

“我不想上山啊，宁在火灶房饿死，不去外门争锋 ”张大胖惨叫，声音之凄惨，比白小纯这里甚至都强烈数分，听的白小纯诧异的抬头，都忘了继续惨叫。
“I don’t want to go!” Big Fatty Zhang wailed, sounding even more miserable than Bai Xiaochun. “I’d rather die in the Ovens than climb the ladder in the Outer Sect” He sounded so miserable, in fact, that Bai Xiaochun looked up in surprise and forgot to cry.

黑三胖没有发出什么声音，但却一脸的郁闷，噘着嘴，默默望着山下，不舍之意浓郁。
Third Fatty Hei didn’t say anything, but instead looked silently down toward the bottom of the mountain, face a picture of depression and longing.

“闭嘴！” 李青候听着张大胖的惨叫，面色一沉。
When Li Qinghou heard Big Fatty Zhang’s miserable wailing, his face darkened and he said, “Shut up!”

刹那间，白小纯这里立刻站起了身，神色肃然，凝重的站在一旁，在他的身上再也看不到一丝一毫委屈的样子，整个人如同换了一张脸。
Instantly, Bai Xiaochun rose to his feet, face solemn as he stood there. Instead of looking sullen like he had before, he was the complete oppos ite, as if he had suddenly switched faces.

张大胖也都愣了，也赶紧起身，可心底的委屈却如大海一样，要把自己淹没，之前白小纯惨叫时，对方没在意，为啥自己一惨叫，立刻就喝斥。 “张大海，你去紫鼎山，从今天起，你就是紫鼎山的外门弟子！”
Big Fatty Zhang stared in shock, and then immediately stood up. Inwardly, he felt as if the persecution he was enduring was like an ocean that threatened to overwhelm him. He just couldn’t figure out why Li Qinghou wouldn’t say anything when Bai Xiaochun wailed, and then yelled at him when he did the same thing.

“陈轻柔，你去青峰山！”


“白小纯，你留在我香云山，成为此山外门弟子，跟我来！”
“Bai Xiaochun, you’ll be staying here with me, as an Outer Sect disciple of Fragrant Cloud Peak.”

李青候看了白小纯一眼，有些头痛，他只不过是闭了一次关而已，出来后就听到了宗门内关于火灶房等人的事情，此事都传入到了宗门长老那里，只不过在那些人看去，这种事情是修行时难得的乐趣，倒也没有想要惩罚。
Li Qinghou looked at Bai Xiaochun and felt a headache coming on. He had just gone into secluded meditation when he got the news about the Ovens crew and everything that was going on. Even the sect elders were talking about it. Of course, from their perspective, the whole thing was quite amusing, and a nice break from the monotony of cultivation.


None of them were even inclined to dol e out any punishment.

可却觉得这么下去不好，于是李青候才来到了这里。
However, it wasn’t something that could be allowed to go on indefinitely, so Li Qinghou came to straighten matters out.

此刻说完，他大袖一甩，没理会陈飞三人，向着香云山更高的山峰走去。
After he finished speaking, he flicked his sleeve, ignoring Chen Fei and the other two men as he looked at something further up on Fragrant Cloud Peak.

白小纯苦着脸，叹了口气，与张大胖以及黑三胖告别，忽然想起了什么，古怪的看向黑三胖，不确定的问了一句。
Bai Xiaochun sighed bitterly and said his goodby es to Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei. All of a sudden, he remembered something. He turned his head to look at Third Fatty Hei, a strange expression on his face as he asked,

“三师兄的大名是 陈轻柔，哈哈，好名字，听起来就是一个绝世美女。”
“Third Elder Brother, your name is actually Chen Qingrou? Hahaha! What a good n ame. It makes you sound like a smoking hot babe!”

黑三胖正郁闷，闻言哼了一声，转身向着山下走去。
Third Fatty Hei gave a cold but depressed snort, then turned and began to walk dow n the mountain.

“他怎么了？”
“What’s wrong with him?”

白小纯看向张大胖。
Bai Xiaochun asked, looking at Big Fatty Zhang.

张大胖也古怪的看了白小纯一眼，拍了拍他的肩膀，语重心长的说了一句。
Big Fatty Zhang looked back at him with a strange look in his eyes. Then, he clapped him on the shoulder and spoke, his voice solemn and sincere.

“九师弟，我从来都没和你说过，黑三胖是你的师兄，实际上 她是你的师姐。”
“Ninth Junior Brother, there’s something I never told you before. Third Fatty Hei actually isn’t your Elder Brother. In fact she's your Elder Sister.”

张大胖干咳一声，赶紧跑开。
Clearing his throat, he turned and hurried off.

白小纯呆呆的站在那里，只觉得五雷轰顶，整个世界似乎都扭曲了。
Bai Xiaochun stared at him blankly. It felt like thunder was crashing around inside his head, as if the whole world were collapsing.

“师 师姐？”
“Elder Elder Sister?”

好半晌，白小纯倒吸口气，正要去看向黑三胖的背影时，耳边传来李青候冰冷的声音。
After a long moment passed, Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and was about to turn and look at Third Fatty Hei, when suddenly Li Qinghou’s cold voi ce rang out.

“啰里啰嗦，还不跟上来！”
“Quit running your mouth and catch up! ”

白小纯又苦起脸，赶紧快跑几步，跟着李青候，三步一回头的遥遥望着山下的火灶房，心底长吁短叹。
Bai Xiaochun hurried after Li Qinghou, looking more bitter than ever. After a few paces, he turned, looked back dow n at the Ovens, and sighed.

至于李青候的身份，他早就打探出来，知晓灵溪宗北岸有四峰，南岸有三山，李青候正是三山中的香云山的掌座，于宗门内位高权重。
It had been quite a while since Bai Xiaochun learned that the Spirit Stream Sect’s north bank had four mountain peaks, and that the south bank had three. Li Qinghou was the peak lord of the third mountain, Fragrant Cloud Peak. The position of peak lord was very distinguished in the sect.

这香云山看起来不大，可实际上走入其内，四周鸟语花香，如同仙境不说，更是比从外面看大了数倍不止。
Although Fragrant Cloud Peak didn’t look very big, upon entering it, one would realize that it was filled with the singing of birds and the fragrant aroma of flowers. It looked like a celestial paradise, and was actually much larger on the inside than it appeared to be from the outside.

试炼之路的出口山顶，实际上只不过是香云山的一处分支山头而已，与整个香云山比较，只能算是山脚。
Actually, the finish line of the trial by fire was only the peak of one of the auxiliary spurs of the mountain as a whole, and really only counted as the foot of the mountain.

随着走入香云山，四周云雾缭绕，更有阵阵药香夹杂在雾气内，闻一口都让人赏心悦目，仿佛全身上下都暖洋洋的，白小纯立刻觉得不凡，赶紧大口的呼吸，渐渐身体内数月不曾精进的凝气三层修为，都活跃了不少。
Mist swirled about everywhere, as well as an occasional medicinal aroma, a single whiff of which would lift the spirits and send a warm feeling through the body. Bai Xiaochun could immediately tell that this place was extraordinary. He took a deep breath, and his cultivation base, which hadn’t made much progress in the past months, instantly surged to life.

走在前方的李青候，虽没有回头，但目中却露出欣然之意，对白小纯一年多来的修行速度，觉得尚可。
Li Qinghou didn’t look back, but his eyes gleamed with a bit of admiration. Even he felt that Bai Xiaochun’s progress in cultivation in the past year wasn’t bad.

“你成为外门弟子后，不可再去胡闹，我辈修行，如逆水行舟，要时刻自勉。” 李青候淡淡开口。
“Now that you’re an Outer Sect disciple, you can’t go and cause any more trouble,” Li Qinghou said slowly. “Practicing cultivation is like rowing a boat against the current. It requires constant effort.”

白小纯不敢说些反驳对方的话，只能摆出乖巧的样子，连连点头。
Bai Xiaochun didn’t dare say anything back. He put on the most charming expression he could, and continuously.


“Sect resources are only one aspect of cultivation for Outer Sect disciples,”


Li Qinghou continued.

“外门弟子的修行，宗门资源只是一方面，还需自身勤奋与机缘，所以有大量的宗门任务让人去完成，你这里稍后去看下，选择一些任务去磨练一番。”
“You also need to work hard and take advantage of whatever oppor tunities come your way. There are plenty of missions that you can take on for the sect. In a moment, you can go look at the missions and pick a few to start your training.”

李青候又交代道。
When Bai Xiaochun heard that, his heart suddenly thumped.

白小纯听到这里，忽然内心一动，他想起了之前翻看门规时，曾看到对于外门弟子的一条规定，似乎外门弟子每隔一段时间，至少要完成一件任务，若是没有完成会有惩罚，收回外门弟子的身份，贬回杂役。
A while back when flipping through the sect rules, he had noticed one particular rule about Outer Sect disciple being required to accomplish at least one mission every so often. If they didn’t, they would be punished by being demoted from Outer Sect disciple to servant.

他立刻心中惊喜，可正想到这里，前面的李青候似能猜到白小纯的心思般，淡淡说了句话。
He immediately went wild with joy. However, Li Qinghou had apparently realized what he was thinking, and coolly said, “Don’t go thinking about breaking the sect rules.

“别去想门规了，旁人不完成会贬回杂役，你若懒惰，我将你逐出宗门，送你回村子，百年之后，我若想起，会去为你上根香的。”
Other people might be demoted to servant for not accomplishing missions, but if you try something like that, I’ll expel you from the sect and return you to your village. A hundred years from now I might even burn some incense for you, if I haven’t forgotten about you by then.”

白小纯吓了一跳，若没见识过仙人的世界还好，此刻见识了这些，走入了长生的路上，如果被送回村子，如断了长生的念头，于是赶紧一拍胸口，保证自己一定主动去完成任务。
That frightened Bai Xiaochun half to death. If he had never seen this world of immortals, it wouldn’t have been so bad. But now that he was on the way to living forever, he had no desire at all to go back to his village. If that happened, he might as well forget about trying to live forever.


He quickly smacked himself in the chest and told himself that he would definitely go and accomplish some missions.

不多时，在这香云山的中段，云雾间出现了一处阁楼，这阁楼不大，但却颇为典雅，顺着窗户可以看到里面有一个青年，正安静的看书。
Soon, they were in the middle section of Fragrant Cloud Peak. A building appeared out of the mists, not very large, but very elegant-looking. Visible through one of the windows was a young man, who sat there quietly reading a book .

察觉有人到来，青年抬起头，露出一副俊朗的面孔，看到李青候后，他连忙起身走出阁楼，向着李青候一拜。
As if having sensed someone approaching, the young man looked up, revealing a handsome-looking face. When he saw Li Qinghou, he immediately walked out of the building and clasped hands in greeting.

“弟子拜见掌座。”
“Disciple offers greetings, peak lord.”

“此子白小纯，你带他去办理外门弟子的身份。”
“This is disciple Bai Xiaochun. Take him and get him set up in the Outer Sect.”

李青候回头看了白小纯一眼，身体一晃化作一道长虹，直奔山顶。
Li Qinghou gave Bai Xiaochun a final look before transforming into a beam of prismatic light that shot further up the mountain.

眼看李青候离去，白小纯这才松了口气，感觉压力一下子小了很多，甚至觉得天空一下子都越发的蔚蓝了。
Now that Li Qinghou was gone, Bai Xiaochun could heave a sigh of relief. All of a sudden, he felt as if a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders, and the sky was now blue again.

那青年打量了白小纯几眼，忽然笑了笑。
The young man measured Bai Xiaochun up, then laughed.

“你就是这几个月，堵住我香云山试炼之路，贩卖名额的 白小纯？”
“Ah, are you the guy who’s been blocking the trial by fire and selling spots? It’s Bai Xiaochun, right?”


Bai Xiaochun chuckled.

“师兄谬赞了，这种小事，不值一提。”
“You’re praising me for nothing, Elder Brother. A small thing like that isn’t even worth mentioning.”

白小纯讪笑。
The young man laughed even harder at that.

青年闻言笑声又大了一些，看向白小纯时目中露出感兴趣之意，不在继续说这个话题，而是带着白小纯走在香云山，路过一些建筑时为他介绍。
Clearly, he was very amused by Bai Xiaochun. Dropping the topic, he began to lead Bai Xiaochun around Fragrant Cloud Peak, pointing out some of the important buildings along the way.

“我香云山在宗门南岸处于一个超然的地位，因相比于青峰山的剑修，紫鼎山的术法，我香云山擅长的，是炼制灵药。”
“Fragrant Cloud Peak occupies an important position on the south bank. Green Crest Peak is known for its sword cultivators, Violet Cauldron Peak for their magical techniques. As for the Fragrant Cloud Peak, we excel in concocting spirit medicines.

“即便是在这通天河的支脉上，四大宗门中，我香云山也是声名赫赫，尤其是掌座大人，更是整个东林洲内，仅有的两位药师之一。”
“Fragrant Cloud Peak is famous even among the four great sects on this branch of the Heavenspan River. That’s especially true of his excellency the peak lord, who is one of the two most famous apothecaries in the Eastwood

“所以，成为我香云山的外门弟子，也就成为了灵童，需要学习草木知识，学习炼药之法。”
Continent. “Therefore, becoming an Outer Sect disciple of Fragrant Cloud Peak also makes you an apprentice apothecary. That means you need to study about plants and vegetation, as well as different medicine concocting techniques.”

一路上青年为白小纯介绍的颇为详细，又带他去领取了外门弟子的衣衫与物品，甚至还有一个储物袋。
The young man continued to provide even more detailed explanations to Bai Xiaochun as they walked along. Eventually, they reached the location where Bai Xiaochun received his Outer Sect disciple clothing and equipment, including a bag of holding.

这储物袋内虽只有很小的一片空间，但依旧让白小纯觉得神奇，尝试了几次后，立刻如获至宝的收了起来。
Although the bag of holding didn’t fit much inside, Bai Xiaochun found the thing to be marvelous. After testing it out a few times, he put it away as carefully as if it were a precious treasure.

最让他觉得喜悦的，是成为外门弟子后，宗门内居然奖励了二十块灵石，这让只差一点就可以买草药的灵石数，立刻够了。
What delighted him more than anything else was that getting promoted to Outer Sect disciple also came with a reward of twenty spirit stones. Now, he had just enough to buy the medicinal plants he needed.

直至黄昏，在这青年的介绍下，白小纯对于香云山有了较为全面的了解后，青年带他去了一个叫做万药阁的地方。
Soon it was dusk. Thanks to the explanations provided by the young man, Bai Xiaochun now knew a lot about Fragrant Cloud Peak. Eventually, the young man led him to a place called the 10,000 M edicines Pavilion.

在这里，他取了一枚玉简。
From there, he received a jade slip.

“这玉简内有一万种草木，你需要牢牢记住，才可以换取第二枚玉简。”
“This jade slip describes 10,000 types of plants and vegetation. You need to memorize all of them, and then you can get the second jade slip.

“白师弟，修行之路漫长，灵药是不可缺少的助力，而若能成为一个药师，可让你这里平步青云。”
“Junior Brother Bai, the path of cultivation is a long one, and spirit medicines are an aid that you can’t do without. If you can become an apothecary, you’ll be able to achieve a meteoric rise here.

“灵童，药徒，药师 白师弟日后能走到哪一步，就看你的造化了。”
“Apprentice apothecary, journeyman apothecary, master apothecary” the young man said with a smile. “Junior Brother Bai, your future progress will all depend on what good fortune you encounter.”

青年温和笑道，在傍晚时，他将白小纯送到了宗门安排的院子。
By the time night fell, the young man had led him to the courtyard dwelling the sect had arranged as his residence.

“白师弟，明天我这里要下山，就不陪你去藏经阁了，你记得明天清晨过去，取紫气驭鼎功的后几层口诀，另外还可额外选择一门功法，这是每一个外门弟子只有一次的挑选功法的机会，之后就要花费贡献点了。”
“Junior Brother Bai, I have to head off the mountain tomorrow, so I won’t be able to accompany you to the Scripture Pavilion. Go there at dawn to get the rest of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art mnemonics. You’ll also be able to pick one more magical technique from the selection they have there. It’s a good opportunity to get some things for free.


After that, you’ll have to pay merit points for any magical techniques you want.

“日后若有什么不解之处，你也可随时来找我，我叫候云飞，感谢白师弟当日对舍妹的照顾。”
“If there’s anything you don’t understand, you can always come looking for me. My name is Hou Yunfei. Many thanks for taking care of Xiaomei for me.”

侯云飞微微一笑，向着白小纯抱拳一拜，转身飘然离去。
Hou Yunfei smiled, clasped hands and bowed. Then he turned and walked away.

“候云飞？”
“Hou Yunfei?”

白小纯回礼之后抬头，望着对方的背影，想了想后，忽然想到了一个女子的身影。
Bai Xiaochun returned the bow and watched Hou Yunfei walking off. After a moment of thought, he recalled the face of a young woman.

“侯小妹！”
“Hou Xiaomei!” he thought, blinking.

他眨了眨眼，颇有一种无心插柳柳成荫的感觉。
He suddenly realized that he had struck it very lucky, as if he'd shoved a random stick into the ground only to have it grow into a lovely shady tree.

许久，他深吸口气，转身看着自己的院子，渐渐目中露出一抹朝气，身影在傍晚的月光下，倒也挺拔如峰。
After a moment, he took a deep breath and then looked over at his courtyard residence. His eyes gleamed, and he stood tall and straight beneath the moonlight.

“也罢，外门弟子似乎看起来也不错！”
“Well, I guess becoming an Outer Sect disciple isn’t that bad after all!”

白小纯小袖一甩，走入院子。
Flicking his sleeve, he walked into the courtyard.

第十五章 不死长生功！
0014 chapter-15

月光皎洁，落在灵溪宗香云山上，冲淡了一些云雾，使得整个山峰露出了大半，看起来别有一番美景。
Moonlight floode d down onto Fragrant Cloud Peak of the Spirit Stream Sect, dispersing some of the mists that covered it, and causing the entire scene to be spectacularly beautiful.

在这山峰东侧的中断，一条岔开的山路尽头，有一处院子，这院子足有一亩地大小，四周草木花香，很是别致，院子里有一间木屋，里面无论桌椅床木，都是一种深紫色的木头所制，散出淡淡的檀香，远不是杂役区可比。
About halfway down the east face of the mountain, at the end of a side path, was a courtyard residence. The courtyard itself was as large as a field, and was filled with the delicate fragrance of flowers and plants. The residence itself was a log cabin, complete with a desk and a bed inside, all of which were made from some sort of magenta-colored wood that let off a lovely, fragrant aroma. This place was far superior to anything in the servants’ district.

木屋外的院子里，还有一片被开垦出来的田地，角落里还有口井，此刻在月光下，白小纯看着四周，目中露出满意。
The field in the courtyard had been cleared, and was ready for planting. There was even a well in one corner. Bai Xiaochun looked around at the moonlit scene, and his eyes sparkled with satisfaction.

“外门弟子已算是灵溪宗承认的弟子了，待遇自然要比杂役好太多，这独门独户的宅子真不错，不过以前听大师兄说起过若能成为内门弟子，就可以住在洞府里 不知洞府又是个什么模样。”
“Outer Sect disciples are official disciples of the Spirit Stream Sect, so naturally they get much better compensation than the servants. This residence really isn’t bad at all. Although, I remember Eldest Brother saying that Inner Sect disciples get to live in immortal’s caves I wonder what those are like.”

白小纯抬头看向香云上的山顶。
Bai Xiaochun looked up toward the top of Fragrant Cloud Peak.

整个香云山，只有内门弟子才有资格居住在山峰的上半段。
Only Inner Sect disciples qualified to live on the top half of the mountain.

不多时他收回目光，在木屋内伸了个懒腰，拿出储物袋，轻轻拍了一下，立刻面前出现了一瓶丹药，还有一根青色的香。
After a while, he went back into the log cabin, where he stretched lazily and then took out his bag of holding. After patting it carefully, a bottle of medicinal pills appeared in front of him, as well as a green stick of incense.

“好东西啊。”
“Wow, this thing is awesome,” he thought, rubbing the bag of holding fondly.


After a moment, his eyes came to rest on the medicinal pill bottle and the green incense.

白小纯对着储物袋爱不释手，许久目光落在丹瓶与青香上，丹瓶有个标签，写着凝灵这两个字，至于青香上则刻着升青二字，他当初成为杂役时，也曾获得过类似之物，吞下后修为增加了一些，至于香则是点燃后，吞吐烟气，与丹药效果一样。
The pill bottle had a label on it, upon which were written the words ‘Spirit Condensation.’ As for the incense, the words ‘Green Rising’ were carved on the side. He had received similar things when he had become a servant. Consuming such pills would increase his cultivation base, and inhaling the smoke from the burning incense stick would have a similar effect.

“就这么吞下有些浪费，不如炼灵后再使用，或许可以让我修为突破瓶颈。”
“Using them as-is would be a big waste. It would be much better to use spirit enhancement on them first. Maybe I could even use them to break through a bottleneck in my cultivation base.”

白小纯略一思索，有了决断，只不过眼下没有一色火的木头，他准备白天下山弄一些。
After pondering the matter for a bit, he made his decision. However, he only had one-colored firewood on hand, so he decided to go down the mountain the following morning to get something better.

想到这里，白小纯盘膝打坐，开始修炼，对于修炼之事，白小纯从没有放弃过丝毫，哪怕是这段日子始终进展缓慢，可依旧每天坚持一段时间。
Having made his decision, he sat down cross-legged and began to meditate. When it came to his cultivation, he had never given up. Although his progress had slowed recently, he still spent time every day on it.

他是为了长生而修，故而对于修行，颇有执着。
The whole purpose to practicing cultivation was to live forever, so of course he would stick to it. The night passed uneventfully, and soon it was dawn. Sunlight poked through the mist, making it seem as if valuable treasures were descending. Bai

一夜无话，清晨朝霞洒落，融入雾气内，使得雾中如有宝光，折射出阵阵华彩，白小纯修行一夜，睁开眼后精神抖擞，穿上外门弟子的衣衫，快步走出木屋，按照昨天候师兄交到的位置，去了藏经阁。
Xiaochun had been cultivating all night. He opened his eyes, donned his Outer Sect disciple clothing, and then hurried out of his log cabin to find the Scripture Pavilion that Elder Brother Hou had mentioned the day before.

藏经阁距离他居住的地方略远，在山的另一面，走了半个时辰，他才遥遥看到一座高高的塔楼，光芒流转，有阵阵威压从内散出，笼罩八方。
The Scripture Pavilion was some distance away from his own residence, on another side of the mountain. It took about an hour of walking before he saw a cluster of towering pagodas off in the distance. They radiated shimmering light, and sent pulsing pressure out in all directions.

途中遇到了不少外门弟子，大都是行色匆匆，察觉到白小纯这里凝气三层的修为后，便直接无视。
He encountered quite a few other Outer Sect disciples, all of whom were hustling about busily. When they sensed that Bai Xiaochun was only at the third level of Qi Condensation, they completely ignored him.

白小纯也没有介意，只是脚步更为谨慎起来，这一路上他所遇到的外门弟子，修为都在他之上，甚至还有几人，给他一种深不可测之感，这些人的四周往往簇拥不少弟子，笑谈从他身边走过。
Bai Xiaochun didn't care, but considering that most of the disciples he encountered had cultivation bases far higher than his own, he proceeded cautiously. There were even a few he encountered whose cultivation bases were so high that they were unreadable. Those ones always had crowds of other disciples clustered around them, laughing and chatting with them as they walked along.

越是接近这藏经阁，四周的外门弟子就越多，白小纯正要靠近，就在这时，一道长虹从远处山峰飞来，绕着香云山转了一圈后，直奔天边。
The closer he got to the Scripture Pavilion, the more disciples he saw. Just as he was about to enter the area of the building itself, a beam of light flew down toward the area from one of the distant mountain peaks.

长虹内可以模糊的看到，里面是一个青年，脚下踏着一个轮子，速度飞快。
Within that beam of light, it was possible to see a young man standing on a flying disk, who circled around Fragrant Cloud Peak before flying back off into the distance.

“是执法堂的钱大金，钱师兄！”
“That’s Qian Dajin from the Hall of Justice! Elder Brother Qian!”

“钱师兄身为内门弟子，更加入执法堂，盛名赫赫，据说已到了凝气第八层大圆满，可以短时间借助法宝飞行，让人羡慕。”
“Elder Brother Qian is an Inner Sect disciple, and also a member of the Hall of Justice. He’s famous! I heard that he’s in the great circle of the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and has access to temporary flight items. I'm so jealous!”

白小纯也一样羡慕的看了过去，直至对方消失在了天边，这才内心感慨。
Bai Xiaochun also looked over jealously. After Qian Dajin disappeared, he sighed inwardly.

“等我有一天可以飞了，我也要每天趁着人多时，绕着香云山飞几圈！”
“One of these days, when I can fly, I’m going take time every day to fly in circles around Fragrant Cloud Peak!”

白小纯暗自期待，穿梭人群，来到了藏经阁内。
Muttering to himself in anticipation, he began to push his way through the crowd toward the Scripture Pavilion.

这塔楼很大，第一层很空，只有一张案几，后面一个老者闭目打坐，每一个从其身边路过的弟子，都会把身份令牌放在案几上，待光芒一闪，才恭敬的走过。
The building was huge. The first floor was completely empty except for a long table. Behind the table, an old man sat there with his eyes closed in meditation. All the disciples who wanted to go past him would put their identity medallion onto the table.

白小纯有学有样的走了过去，将令牌放在案几上，很快令牌光蕴一闪，他连忙拿起，跟着前面的师兄上了楼梯，到了这藏经阁的二层。
After it shone with glittering light, they would pass by respectfully. Copying everyone else, Bai Xiaochun placed his identity medallion onto the table. It only took a moment for it to glitter, after which he picked it back up and followed the other disciples up the stairs to the second floor.

此地有众多的架子，上面放着一排排玉简，偶尔还有一些竹书，每一个都有柔光笼罩，使得整个藏经阁的第二层，看起来很是不俗。
This floor was filled with numerous shelves, which were packed with jade slips or the occasional bamboo scroll. All of them shimmered with bright light, making the second floor of the Scripture Pavilion an extraordinary place.

不远处还有一条楼梯，白小纯看了看四周，走向楼梯，刚要上去时立刻一道光幕出现，将他弹了回来。
Seeing another staircase further off, Bai Xiaochun looked around and then walked over. However, when he tried to step onto it, his foot bounced back.

一旁有个一字眉的青年正在翻看竹书的，察觉这一幕后抬头扫了白小纯一眼。
A young man was sitting off to the side, with straight eyebrows and a bamboo scroll in his hand. When he sensed what was happening, he looked up at Bai

“师兄，这第三层需要什么资格才能上去？” 白小纯摆出乖巧的样子，好奇的向着那一字眉的青年问道。
Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun put on his most charming expression and then curiously asked the young man, “Elder Brother, what qualifications do you need to go up there?” “What, are you new here?” the young man replied slowly.

“你是新来的弟子吧，那里是凝气五层才可以去的。”
“You have to be at the fifth level of Qi Condensation to go up there.”

青年淡淡开口，不再多说，低头翻看竹书。
With that, he continued to read the bamboo s croll.

白小纯知道对方这是不愿有人打扰，于是不再尝试去第三层，而是在这第二层转悠起来，时而拿起玉简，时而翻看一些竹书，看着里面五花八门的功法，他每一个都很心动。
Bai Xiaochun could tell the young man didn’t want to be disturbed. Forgetting about the third floor, he began to stroll around the second floor. Occasionally he would pick up a jade slip to examine, or look through some bamboo scrolls. He saw all sorts of different magical techniques, all of which seemed very exciting.

尤其是里面一门火道术法，更是让他觉得不错。
That was especially true of something called the Flame Dao magical technique, which seemed especially exceptional.

不多时，他就找到了紫气驭鼎功的玉简，里面有第四层到第八层的图案与口诀，赶紧将其拿在手中，白小纯又继续溜达起来。
After a while, he found a jade slip for the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art. It had descriptions and pictures for the fourth to eighth levels. He quickly grabbed it and then continued to stroll about.

时间流逝，很快外面就快到黄昏，白小纯在这第二层，才走完了七成区域，四周的人也都少了很多。
Time passed, and soon evening was approaching. Bai Xiaochun had browsed about seventy percent of the second floor, and by now, the crowds were thinning.

“有七八种都看起来不错 ”他心底还在衡量到底选择哪一个时，随手拿起了一本竹书，这竹书有些残破，可白小纯只是看了一眼，就整个人猛地睁大了眼睛，目中露出振奋与激动。
“These eight seem really incredible” he thought, looking over his selections. One was a bamboo scroll, somewhat dilapidated, but something that had caused Bai Xiaochun’s eyes to widen with excitement the moment he saw it.

“不死长生功！”
“Undying Live Forever Technique!”

他深吸口气，仔细的看了看这功法的介绍，知道这是一门炼体的功法，若能到了大成，似乎可以让人不死长生。
He took a deep breath as he examined the introduction to the technique. Apparently, cultivating this technique to the ultimate degree would make a person undying and also be able to live forever.

他呼吸顿时急促，又看了看这功法的名字，立刻就决定，选择这门功法！
Panting, he once again examined the name of the technique, and then decided that this was his decision!

他修行就是为了长生，此刻看到这功法，顿时有种自己与这功法冥冥中有缘的感觉，于是哈哈一笑，拿着竹书下了楼梯。
He had begun practicing cultivation for the purpose of living forever, so finding a technique like this one almost made it seem like they were mysteriously connected by destiny. Laughing heartily, he held the bamboo scroll in his hand as he climbed dow n the stairs.

一层大厅内，案几后的老者依旧闭目，与早上时没什么区别，可当白小纯将紫气驭鼎功的玉简以及不死长生的功法竹书放在案几时，老者的双眼慢慢睁开，扫了白小纯一眼。
Back in the main hall of the first floor, the old man was still sitting behind the table with his eyes closed, looking exactly like he had before. However, as soon as Bai Xiaochun put the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art jade slip and the Undying Live Forever Technique bamboo scroll onto the table, the man’s eyes slowly opened.

这一眼，让白小纯身体一震，他觉得对方的目光如同闪电，让人看了后不寒而栗，白小纯连忙一副恭敬的样子。
He looked Bai Xiaochun up and down, which left Bai Xiaochun trembling. The man’s gaze felt like lightning. Shivering, Bai Xiaochun immediately put on his most respectful expression.

好在很快老者就收回目光，看了眼白小纯的身份令牌。
Thankfully, the old man quickly looked down at Bai Xiaochun’s identity medallion.

“新晋弟子，可以拓印一份紫气驭鼎功的前八层，还可以额外选择一门功法。”
“Newly promoted disciples can take a copy of the first eight levels of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art,” the old man said slowly, his voice hoarse. “They may also select a technique of their choosing.”

老者淡淡开口，声音沙哑，正说着，他目光落在了不死长生功的竹书上，眉头微微一皱。
Then his eyes fell upon the Undying Live Forever Technique bamboo s croll, and he frowned slightly. “Although the name of this technique sounds astonishing, it's incomplete. Furthermore, the more you cultivate it, the more difficult it becomes. The pain is so excruciating that ordinary people can’t endure it.


Even most Inner

“此功法虽描述惊人，可只有残篇，且修行起来难度极大，剧痛非常人能忍，以往宗门内的弟子，很少有人修行成功，大都放弃，于藏经阁内放了很久，你确定要修此法？”
Sect disciples can’t cultivate it successfully. The majority give up. It's been here in the Scripture Pavilion for quite some time. Are you sure you want this particular magic?”

老者看向白小纯。
The old man looked at Bai Xiaochun.

“前辈，弟子非常确定！” 白小纯一听老者的话语，大有一种此功在这里这么多年，就是为了等待自己的感觉，尤其是想到不死长生这四个字，顿时有种血液燃烧之意，连忙开口。
After hearing the old man’s words, Bai Xiaochun got the feeling that this technique had been waiting here for years just for him. Then he thought again about the words ‘undying’ and ‘live forever’, and his blood felt like it was boiling. He immediately responded, “Senior, I definitely want it, very much!”

老者不再劝说，右手抬起一挥，立刻两枚空白的玉简飞出，拓印一番后落在了白小纯的面前，便不再理会，重新闭目。
The old man said nothing further to dissuade him. He waved his right hand, sending two blank jade slips flying out. After the copies were made, he handed them to Bai Xiaochun, then paid him no more heed and went back to meditating.

白小纯将玉简收起，目中带着期待，转身离去，走出藏经阁，直接回了院子。
Bai Xiaochun put the jade slips away. Eyes gleaming with anticipation, he left the Scripture Pavilion and headed back to his courtyard residence.

归来时天色已晚，在木屋内，白小纯盘膝打坐，深吸口气后拿出不死长生功的玉简，运转体内灵气，融入这玉简的一瞬，他双目闭合，脑海里顿时浮现出了此功的法决。
By the time he got back, it was already nighttime. Once again inside his log cabin, he sat down cross-legged, took a deep breath, and pulled out the jade slip for the Undying Live Forever Technique. Then he circulated his spiritual energy and sent it into the jade slip. After closing his eyes, the technique's magical incantation appeared in his mind.

半个时辰后，白小纯才睁开眼，目中若有所思。
An hour later, he opened his eyes again, and a thoughtful expression could be seen.

这不死长生功的确如老者所说，只是一个残篇，上面介绍了此功修行分为内外两炼，其中外炼分为皮、肉、筋。
Just as the old man had said, the Undying Live Forever Technique was incomplete. According to the description, the technique was cultivated in two ways, internally and externally. It was further broken down into the external aspects of skin, flesh, and muscle.

内炼则是骨与血。
The internal aspects were bones and blood.


As for this incomplete version, it only contained the technique for cultivating skin.

而这残篇上，只有皮的修炼之法，且似乎修行起来，的确是非常困难的样子，另外也提到了修行此法，消耗极大，不过其中有介绍了几种秘法，似乎所说略有夸张，比如其中一个秘法叫做碎喉锁，竟说无坚不摧。
Also, the cultivation method truly did seem to be a torment. Furthermore, to cultivate it required a huge expenditure of resources. However, there were several secret magics listed inside that seemed almost beyond belief. For example, there was one called the Throat Crushing Grasp that was suppos edly unbeatable.

白小纯迟疑了一下，可看到不死长生这四个字后，他立刻目中露出果断，按照功法的介绍，起身双手抬起，不断的拍打全身的一处处位置。
Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a moment, then looked once more at the words ‘undying’ and ‘live forever’. Finally, his eyes filled with determination, and he followed the description in the information, using both of his hands to strike various positions on his body .

他对于不死与长生，有着无法形容的执着，是寻常人的太多倍，此刻修行也是这样，生生的按照功法的要求，拍了整整一夜的身体。
Bai Xiaochun was focused on not dying and living forever in a way that vastly outmatched other people. Therefore, he did exactly as the technique required, and beat himself the entire night.

直至第二天时，他全身刺痛，站也不是，坐也不是，甚至手臂抬起都觉得剧痛难忍，可还是咬牙，按照功法所说，尽其所能的去活动身躯。
The following day, his whole body hurt. It didn't matter whether he stood up or sat down. Even lifting his arm hurt. And yet, he gritted his teeth and continued to do as the technique manual instructed, and forced himself to move.

“嗷嗷啊啊 先松在紧 啊啊哦哦 紧了再松！”
“Owwwwwww Relax then flex aaaaoooow wwww flex then relax!” he said, repeating one of the lines from the technique as he hoppe d and skipped around the courtyard.

白小纯念着不死长生功里的一句话，在院子里蹦蹦跳跳，惨叫不断，眼泪都快出来了，最后索性一咬牙，竟带着灵石走出了院子，下了山去。
He let out one miserable shriek after another, and tears were streaming down his face. Finally, he gritted his teeth, grabbed some spirit stones, and headed dow n the mountain.

他想着既然要活动，就索性下山去买药草，换延年益寿丹，这样总比在院子里索然的运动要好的多。
He figured that if he had to move around, he might as well just go out and buy the medicinal plants he needed to get the Age-Prolonging Longevity- Enhancing Pill. That would be a lot better than doing nothing more than exercising in his courtyard.

于是，这一天的香云山上，不少外门弟子都诧异的看到了一个白白净净的少年，一路身体怪异的蹦蹦跳跳，时而还发出啊啊的叫声，远远一听颇为
Soon, numerous Outer Sect disciples on Fragrant Cloud Peak saw a very strange sight. There was a fair-faced young man hopping and skipping about in a very strange fashion. He was also crying out at the top of his lungs in a fashion which almost sounded euphoric.

“啊啊哦哦，哦哦啊啊 啊 啊 啊 ”
“Ah ah, oh oh! Ah ah, oh oh! Ah ah ah ah”

白小纯也不想叫出来，可实在是太痛了，那种痛苦让他觉得哪怕一动不动都很折磨，可每当想到不死长生这四个字，他就发了狠心，竟一路从山上走到了宗门外的坊市。
Bai Xiaochun didn’t want to cry out, but the pain was just too much. In fact, it hurt so much that he was pretty sure that even not moving would also hurt. However, all he had to do was think about the words ‘undying’ and ‘live forever’, and he continued with vicious determination. And thus he continued all the way dow n to the market outside of the sect.

在那里哆哆嗦嗦的买了足够的草药后，他又买了一些一色火的木头，至于二色火的木头价格很高，他只买下一块，口袋就空了。
Trembling, he bought all of the medicinal plants he needed, as well as some one-colored firewood. The two-colored firewood was much more expensive, so he only bought one piece. After that, he ran out of spirit stones.

这才咬牙归来，去了任务处，完成了他在杂役时接下的任务，换来了一枚延年益寿丹。
Gritting his teeth, he went back to the Missions Office and handed in the mission he had taken when he was still a servant. In return, he got the Age-

此丹有拇指盖大小，通体黄色，散出阵阵奇异的香气，看着丹药，白小纯已痛的说不出话来，全身汗珠子不断地流下，身体都被浸透了。
Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill. The pill was yellow, about as big as his thumbnail, and emanated a strange medicinal aroma. He looked at the pill, his body still burning with so much pain that he could barely talk.

死死咬着牙，白小纯一步步爬着香云山的台阶，身后留下一地的汗渍，一路不少外门弟子看到他后，都露出诧异的神情，还有一些甚至露出嫌弃之意，毕竟白小纯身上的汗味，实在太大。
Sweat poured down him, soaking him completely. Clenching his teeth, he climbed back up the steps of Fragrant Cloud Peak, leaving a trail of sweat behind him as he went. He got quite a few surprised and even cynical glances from other Outer Sect disciples. After all, he was really sweating far beyond what was normal.

他都不知道自己是怎么熬过来了，一步步的走回院子时，又是深夜，踏入院子，他直接就整个人倒下，痛的昏迷过去。
He really wasn't sure what was going on. By the time he got back to his courtyard residence, it was the middle of the night. As soon as he walked inside, he collapsed onto the ground, unconscious.

这一夜，他哪怕是昏迷，也都痛醒了几次，直至天亮后，他睁开眼睛时，全身的痛处才全部消失。
Despite having passed out, the pain woke him up several times through the night. By the time the light of dawn spread out across the sky, though, he woke up and realized that the pain was gone.

“这才是一个不完整的小循环 ”白小纯想起不死长生功的介绍，这样的一天一夜，且不能昏迷，才算是一个完整的小循环，而这样的小循环需要九九八十一次后，才算一个小周天，如同在改造皮肤，之后当皮肤有了一定的韧度，就不会这么剧痛了。
“An incomplete minor cycle” he thought, recalling the technique’s introduction. If he could go for a full day and night without passing out, that would be a complete minor cycle. If he could complete eighty-one minor cycles, that would count as a minor circulation. After that, his skin would be changed, and would reach a point that the process wouldn't be so painful.

“如果这功法简单，人人可练的话，岂不是人人都可以长生了，越是如此，我就越要修行，这样修下去，我一定可以长生不死！”
“If the technique were simple, everyone would do it, and then everyone would be able to live forever. The harder it is, the more I’m going to cultivate it! Then I’ll really be undying and able to live forever!”

白小纯目中露出坚决，他对于长生的执念之强，可以说是到了一个让人触目惊心的程度。
His eyes filled with determination, his obsession with living forever was strong, and had reached a truly astonishing level.

趁着此刻身体不痛，白小纯将延年益寿丹取出，仔细的看了看后，正要吃下，可很快就想起了什么，连忙四下看了看，确定没有人在后，他快步跑回木屋，右手掐诀一指，立刻龟纹锅瞬间出现。
Now that his body didn’t hurt any more, he pulled out the Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill and studied it. He was just about to eat it when all of a sudden he seemed to recall something. Looking around to make sure no one was watching, he hurried into his log cabin and performed an incantation gesture with his right hand, causing the turtle-wok to appear.

“这么吃有些亏了，炼灵之后再吃才好。”
“To consume it the way it is would be a big loss. The best thing to do is eat it after doing a spirit enhancement.”

白小纯舔了舔嘴唇，取出二色火的木头，点燃后放在龟纹锅下，立刻这木头急速的燃烧，眨眼成为灰烬，龟纹锅上两道纹亮了起来。
Licking his lips, he produced the two- colored flame firewood and kindled it beneath the turtle-wok. Immediately, the log burst into flames, and moments later, became ash. At the same time, two glowing designs appeared on the turtle-wok.

他踌躇一番，将延年益寿丹放在了锅内，几乎在这灵药落入的刹那，银芒瞬间刺目闪耀，白小纯有了经验，神色不变，目不转睛的看去。
After a moment of hesitation, he placed the Age-Prolonging Longevity- Enhancing Pill inside. Almost as soon as the spirit medicine entered the wok, silver light flashed. Having experienced this before, Bai Xiaochun’s expression didn’t change in the least, and he continued to stare at the wok.

不多时银芒消失，锅内的延年益寿丹上，赫然多处了两道银纹，一股比之前不知浓郁了多少的药香立刻散出，让人闻一口都精神大振。
After a moment, the silver light faded away and, shockingly, two silver designs could be seen on the Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill. The medicinal aroma which floated off of it was now much stronger than it had been before, so strong that a mere sniff would enliven the spirits.

“可惜找不到三色火的燃料。”
“It's too bad I don’t have anything to make a three-colored flame.”

白小纯一把将灵药拿起，直接扔入口中，这灵药入口就化，形成了一股滚烫的热流，在白小纯体内直接扩散。
He picked up the spirit medicine and put it into his mouth. The instant it melted, it transformed into a scalding current that swept through his body .

白小纯只觉得脑海轰的一声，身体如同火炉，全都如在燃烧，额头上的那根白头发，肉眼可见的化作了黑色，体内有种仿佛生机被补充了一样的感觉，甚至过了半晌，这感觉不但没有减少，反而更为强烈，白小纯的鼻孔都留下了鼻血。
Bai Xiaochun felt his mind rumbling, and his body felt like a furnace. However, even as he was consumed by heat, the white hair on his head turned black again. A powerful surge of life force replenished him, and after a moment, he could tell that it was even stronger than before. A bit of blood oozed out of his nose.

“补大了！”
“Major success!” he thought, his eyes widening.

他睁大了眼，连忙修行紫气驭鼎功，可却没有太多用处，毕竟这灵药补得不是灵气，而是元气，他的鼻血越流越多，体内的热流此刻膨胀，他觉得自己仿佛成了一个皮球，就要炸了，他立刻骇然。
He immediately began to cultivate the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, but found that there was little difference. After all, this spirit medicine replenished vital energy, not spiritual energy. More blood flowed out of his nose, and the scalding current inside of him expanded. He felt like he was an inflatable ball that was on the verge of poppi ng.

实际上这枚灵药被炼灵两次之后，效果已远超之前，价值更是超出太多太多，以白小纯凝气三层的修为，根本就无法承受。
Astonishment filled him. Actually, the result of performing a twofold enhancement on the spirit medicine ensured that the result vastly exceeded anything from before, and was far more valuable. Bai Xiaochun’s cultivation base, which was at the third level of Qi Condensation, simply couldn’t take it.

此刻危机关头，白小纯猛地想起了不死长生功，连忙跳了起来，双手在身上用了全部力气，飞快的拍去。
At this critical juncture, he suddenly thought of the Undying Live Forever Technique. He immediately leapt up and began hitting himself as hard as possible. Popping sounds rang out, and the scalding current began to clear up.


Bai

砰砰之声回荡，随着拍下，他体内的热流这才出现了疏导之感，白小纯不敢停留，直至过了半个时辰，他体内的热流才完全消散，全身酸软的他立刻倒了下来，喘着粗气，可精神却前所未有的好，目中更有强烈的光在闪动。
Xiaochun didn’t dare to stop. It wasn’t until an hour later that the current faded away completely. He was in so much pain that he fell down onto the ground, panting for air. However, he looked more excited than ever, and his eyes shone with an intense gleam.

“虽然与炼灵有些关系，可根本却是灵药，灵药 居然这么神奇 有的可以增加灵气，有的可以增加寿元 那么是不是也有一种药，可以让人长生！”
“It has something to do with the spirit enhancement, but the main thing was that spirit medicine. Spirit medicine is remarkable It can increase spiritual energy and can increase longevity Well, I wonder if there’s a type of medicine that can make people live forever!”

白小纯越想越激动，双眼光芒更强。
The more he thought about it, the more excited he got, and the brighter his eyes shone.

“香云山就是培养药师的 ”
“Fragrant Cloud Peak trains apothecaries

“我要成为药师，炼制出一枚 长生不老丹！”
“Well then, I'm going to become an apothecary. I'm going to make a Live- Forever Never-Die Pill!”

白小纯呼吸急促，内心在这一瞬，对灵药升起了前所未有的执着。
Bai Xiaochun began to pant, and his intrigue for spirit medicine reached an unheard-of level.

第十六章 心细入微
0015 chapter-16

带着这股执着，白小纯躺在院子里，身体虽然酸软，可他隐隐看到皮肤上似乎明显的坚硬了一些，这一幕，让他对于成为药师更期待了。
Bai Xiaochun lay there in the courtyard, filled with that obsessiveness of his. His body ached, and yet somehow he could tell that his skin was tougher than before. That made him look forward more than ever to becoming an apothecary.

直至在院子里躺了大半个时辰，那种酸软感才消散，白小纯立刻爬起来盘膝坐下，目光闪动时从储物袋内拿出了成为外门弟子后得到的那瓶丹药以及香药。
After laying there in the courtyard for more than an hour, the shaky, painful feeling eventually faded away. Bai Xiaochun crawled into a cross-legged position, eyes flickering as he patted his bag of holding to produce the medicinal pills and medicinal incense.

仔细的看了看后，他深吸口气，又四下瞄了瞄，这才转身回到木屋内，直接就取出了龟纹锅。
After closer inspection, he took a deep breath, looked around furtively, then headed back into the log cabin, where he once again took out the turtle-wok.

“这些丹药眼下可以使用了，炼灵之后，应该可以让我修为从凝气三层，突破到凝气四层去，可惜二色火的材料太贵了，火灶房虽有，但我如今不是火灶房的杂役，有些不大方便。”
“I could consume this medicinal pill as is. But after I do a spirit enhancement, it should be able to break my cultivation base through from the third level of Qi Condensation to the fourth. It’s too bad that two-colored firewood is so expensive. The Ovens has some, but I'm not longer a servant there anymore, which makes things complicated.”

白小纯如今对丹药兴趣极大，略一思索，不在迟疑，取出了一色火的木头。
Bai Xiaochun’s excitement regarding the medicinal pill continued to grow. After a bit of thought, he ceased any hesitation and produced a piece of one-colored firewood.

“就炼灵一次好了！”
“I’ll just do a basic enhancement! That’ll be good enough!”

他立刻点燃了木头，顿时一色火燃烧，龟纹锅上的一条线很快明亮，白小纯直接将丹瓶打开，里面有三粒龙眼大小的丹药，分成三次进行炼灵。
He quickly lit the firewood, and the resulting one-colored flame caused the first turtle-wok design to light up. He opened the medicinal pill bottle and poured out the three medicinal pills it contained, all of which were as large as longan fruits.

阵阵银光闪耀，不多时，三枚有银纹的丹药，就出现在了白小纯的手中，直至他又将那根青香也炼灵后，望着面前这四种被炼灵一次的灵药，白小纯盘膝坐下，将清香放在面前后，拿起三粒丹药，全部扔在了口中。
After performing three spirit enhancements, flickering silver designs could be seen on the surface of the medicinal pills. He also enhanced the green incense. In the end, he sat there looking at the four different spirit medicines upon which he had performed a basic enhancement. Finally, he placed the incense stick in front of him and then poppe d the three medicinal pills into his mouth.

随后摆出紫气驭鼎功第四幅图的样子，按照口诀修行，很快的，他的体内就有灵气翻滚，这一次他坚持的时间明显多了一些，体内的修为也在这一瞬活跃，开始了增加。
Then he examined the pictures in the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art manual, and followed the mnemonics as he began to practice cultivation. Soon, the spiritual energy in his body was seething. He could now maintain the posture for much longer than before, and he could feel his cultivation base rising rapidly.

一炷香后，他体内的灵气小河，已是奔流全身，越发的状态，他开始冲击凝气第四层。
After the time it takes an incense stick to burn, the little river of spiritual energy inside of him was flowing through his body , and he could sense that he was nearing a breakthrough to the fourth level of Qi Condensation.

“再坚持一百息，就可达到凝气第四层！”
“I just need to hold on for one hundred breaths of time, and I can break through!” He gritted his teeth as he continued to maintain the posture in the fourth picture. His body was swelling up so much that he felt like a ball, and cracking sounds could be heard inside of him. Great beads of sweat were rolling off of him.


It was at this point that the spiritual energy began to wane.

白小纯咬牙忍着第四幅图的动作，身体几乎都摆成了一个球，全身传出咔咔之声，汗珠子不断地落下。 可就在这时，突然的他体内的灵气出现了一些枯竭，白小纯双眼一凝，突然张口向着面前的青香，吐出一口灵气。
Bai Xiaochun's eyes narrowed in concentration, and he blew a mouthful of spiritual energy onto the green incense stick in front of him. As soon as the spiritual energy touched the green incense, it lit up, causing tendrils of green smoke to swirl about like green snakes. They flew through the air, entering into Bai Xiaochun’s eyes, ears, nose, and mouth, and then turning into strong spiritual energy.

这灵气刚一碰到青香，此香立刻自行燃烧，散出一缕缕青烟，这些青烟如一条条青蛇，在出现后直奔白小纯，顺着他的七窍以及汗毛孔钻入，在他体内化作了浓郁的灵气，使得那条灵气小河直接膨胀了一倍。
Within moments, the river of spiritual energy inside of him had dou bled in size.

轰的一声，一股气浪从白小纯身上三开，扩散木屋，散出院子内，仿佛这里吹起了大风，白小纯双眼内露出喜悦，笑了起来。
Rumbling could be heard as a wind-like shockwave rolled out from Bai Xiaochun, spreading out through the cabin and then into the courtyard. His eyes opened, and they shone with pleasure.

“凝气四层！”
“The fourth level of Qi Condensation!” he exclaimed, laughing.

他立刻就感受到，体内的灵气此刻带着浓浓的生机，在不断地游走下，全身轻灵无比，低头时，他看到无数的黑色污垢粘在身上，知道这是体内的杂质再一次被逼出。
He could immediately sense the spiritual energy surging through him, carrying with it a strong life force. He felt more agile, and when he looked down, he saw black filth caked all over his body . That would be the impurities within his body that had just been forced out.

身体一晃，飘出木屋，在院子里清洗一番，白小纯神清气爽，右手掐诀一指，立刻一把木剑从他储物袋内飞出，直奔前方，速度之快化作一道长虹。
His body flickered as he floated out of the log cabin. After tidying up the courtyard a bit, he stood there feeling very energized. He quickly performed an incantation gesture and waved his finger, causing his woode n sword to fly out of his bag of holding in a streak of light.

操控木剑，在这院子内来回飞舞数次后，白小纯目中满意之色更浓，他这口木剑本就不俗，配合凝气四层的修为，已然具备了一定的肃杀之意。
He sent it flying back and forth, eyes gleaming with satisfaction. The woode n sword was already extraordinary, but now that it was combined with the cultivation base of the fourth level of Qi Condensation, it possessed an even more striking air.

“炼灵不错，若有三色火就好了，可丹药一样厉害！”
“Spirit enhancement is pretty awesome. It would be great if I could use a three-colored flame, though. A medicinal pill like that would be incredible!”

白小纯越发觉得灵药神奇，不管是丹还是香，都是修行的必备之物。
The more he thought about it, the more miraculous spirit medicine seemed to be. Regardless of whether it was in pill form or incense form, it was definitely an absolute necessity for practicing cultivation.

“一定要成为伟大的药师，炼制出长生不老丹，然后炼灵十次 不对，炼灵一百次！”
“I'm definitely going to become an amazing apothecary! I’ll concoct a Live- Forever Never-Die Pill! Then I’ll enhance it tenfoldno, wait, I’ll enhance it a hundredfold!”

白小纯心底对于成为药师的念头，更为强烈，想到这里，他一拍储物袋，从其内取出一枚玉简。
Bai Xiaochun's desire to become an apothecary was growing stronger. Suddenly, he slapped his bag of holding to produce a jade slip.

这玉简是之前侯云飞带他去万药阁时取来的，里面有一万种草木的介绍以及图文，这是唯有香云山才有的特殊典籍，是身为灵童必须要掌握的。
It was none other than the jade slip given him by Hou Yunfei when they had gone to the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion together. Inside were images of 10,000 types of plants and vegetation. Only Fragrant Cloud Peak had ancient records of this type, and they were something that all apprentice apothecaries had to master.

而仅仅是一万种草木还不够，白小纯想起侯云飞曾说，只有记住这一万种后，才可以去换取下一卷。
Of course, a mere 10,000 types of plants and vegetation was only the beginning. According to Hou Yunfei, after memorizing those, you could acquire another volume.

他打起精神，体内灵气运转，脑海里渐渐浮现出种种不同的草木，他越看越是新奇，仿佛是打开了人生中的另一扇们，这里面甚至还有他换取延年益寿丹所需的那些草药。
With a look of resolve, he circulated his spiritual energy, and images of various types of plants and vegetation rose up in his mind. He was filled with a strange feeling, as if a whole new page of life had opened up in front of him. There were even descriptions of the medicinal plants needed to trade for an Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill.

粗略看了全部后，白小纯觉得如果想要将这一万种全部记住，不是什么困难的事情，可他是什么人啊，他的目标是成为能炼制出长生不老丹的伟大药师。
After examining the contents of the jade slip, he realized that memorizing each of the 10,000 items wouldn’t really be that difficult. However, he wasn’t just any old person. His goal was to become a great apothecary who could concoct a Live-Forever Never-Die Pill.

所以他性格中藏着的那股狠劲，就再次爆发出来，不是去简单的记住，而是每一种药草都观察的极为仔细，要将每一种药草，了解到极致的程度，才会去看下一种。
The vicious determination concealed in his personality once again exploded out. This was not just memorizing a simple list, he had to carefully observe all of the details of each type of medicinal plant. Only after understanding a plant fully could he move on to the next one.

当年在许宝财的压力下，白小纯可以疯狂修行小半年，此刻于这伟大的理想下，他一样爆发了这种潜力。
Back when he had been under such pressure because of Xu Baocai, he had practiced cultivation like mad for the better part of half a year. Now, with even grander aspirations, a similar thing was occurring.

那一株株药草的图文，被他研究到了甚至近乎入微的程度，只要一闭上眼，就可以在脑后里将药草直接形象的勾勒出来。
He studied the medicinal plants down to the tiniest detail, until he could close his eyes and recall an image of each and every one.

甚至觉得还不够，感慨没有实物，否则的话他很想将其直接拆开来从内部观察的更彻底，没有办法下，他只能越发看的仔细，无论是纹路还是枝叶，不研究透彻决不罢休。
However, he still felt as if that wasn’t enough, and wished he could study the actual items to make his research complete. Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do about that. All he could do was carefully research what he had at his disposal, which included the shapes of the leaves and the patterns of the veins.

最后觉得还是不够，于是白小纯连根部，果实都不放过，如同是将那些药草在眼前放大了无数倍，去一点点的挖掘。
Even that wasn't enough for Bai Xiaochun though. He also studied the roots and the fruits. It was almost as if the plants themselves were right in front of him, several times their normal size and dug up out of the ground for him to study.

甚至还觉得不放心，到了最终，他居然将每一个植物上的绒毛以及毛下的小孔，都进行了深刻的探索。
After that, he still didn't feel confident enough. Next, he studied the tiny hairs growing on the plants, and even the tiny pore-like openings beneath them. Time passed.

时间流逝，很快就过去了一个月，这一个月来，白小纯每天都在修行紫气驭鼎功的第四层，体内的修为终于松动了一些，同时不死长生功他也没有停下，每天都忍着剧痛，一边在院子里来回奔跑，一边拿着草木玉简在默默记住种种药草，此刻的他已经做到脑海里的草药开始对比的程度，这已经是玉简内所没有记录的了，他只能自己去摸索研究。
Soon, a month had gone by. During that time, he spent time every day practicing the fourth level of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, and was getting much more comfortable with his cultivation base. At the same time, he hadn’t forgotten about the Undying Live Forever Technique. Every day, he endured the pain as he ran around his courtyard practicing it, simultaneously memorizing the plants and vegetation from the jade slip.


Unfortunately, the jade slip had no table of contents, so he wasn’t sure exactly how many he had memorized so far.

除此之外，他每次于院子里奔跑时，都会在院子的右上角停顿一下，那里有一片灵田，这些灵田内他种植了十粒草药的种子。
In addition to exercising in his courtyard, he would often stop by the spirit field in the corner, where he was growing ten medicinal plants.

这种草药名为灵冬竹，是他半个月前外出，去了香云山外门弟子的任务石碑下，好不容易寻找到了一个没有任何危险的宗门任务。
These ten plants were spiritwinter bamboo. He had gone to Fragrant Cloud Peak’s Outer Sect disciple Mission Stele half a month before and selected a simple, non-dangerous mission to get them.

李青候的话，白小纯不敢不放在心上，宗门弟子每半年，至少要完成一件任务的规定，白小纯已牢牢记住。
Bai Xiaochun didn't dare to forget what Li Qinghou had told him. Sect disciples needed to complete at least one mission every half year, it was a sect rule that Bai Xiaochun had kept firmly planted in mind.

他选择的这个任务，贡献点给的不算少，甚至按照最终交出的品质，贡献点还会提高，毕竟虽然简单，可却要消耗很多时间，至少要在手中种植三个月才算合格。
The merit point reward for this mission was significant, and could actually be even higher depending on how many goods were turned in at the end. It was a simple mission, but required quite a bit of time wastage, he had to care for the plants for three months before he could hand the mission in.

而且这灵冬竹可以用自身灵气去催化，能让其生长速度加快，只不过白小纯实在没时间去照顾，于是取回来后，就扔在了灵田里。
Of course, the spiritwinter bamboo could be catalyzed by a cultivator's spiritual energy, which would make it grow faster. Unfortunately, Bai Xiaochun had no time to test that method, and had simply planted the seeds in his spirit field as soon as he had gotten back.

“长的好慢。”
“You grow so slowly,” he said, looking down at the spirit field.

白小纯看了眼灵田，皱起眉头，他从草木玉简内看到过对于灵冬竹的介绍，知道这种药草对于灵气要求很高，如果没有灵气浓郁的土地，那么最好的养殖方法就是以修士自身的灵气为养分。
From the description in the jade slip, he knew that spiritwinter bamboo required a lot of spiritual energy to grow properly. If the soil it was growing in didn’t have strong spiritual energy, then the cultivator would need to add spiritual energy personally.

“应该是我这院子的灵田，灵气已稀薄了很多，所以使得这些灵冬竹的种子生长缓慢。” 白小纯蹲下身子，抓起一把灵田的土，半晌后喃喃低语。
He squatted down and picked up a handful of soil from the spirit field. After a moment, he muttered, “I bet this spirit field doesn’t have enough spiritual energy, and that's why the spiritwinter bamboo i s growing so slowly.

“有什么办法，可以让这灵田的灵气更浓一些呢 ”白小纯想了想，忽然神色一动，右手抬起一指时，龟纹锅无声无息的出现。
“What can I do to get the spirit field’s spiritual energy to be a bit stronger?” After a moment of thought, his expression lit up, and he extended his right hand, within which materialized the turtle-wok.

看着此锅，又看着灵田，白小纯目中的露出光芒。
He looked at the wok, and then back at the spirit field, and his eyes began to shine.

“这口锅什么都可以炼灵，那么 灵土是否也可以炼灵？”
“If this wok can enhance anything, then I should be able to perform a spirit enhancement on the spirit soil, right?”

白小纯想到这里，顿时好奇，将那些灵冬竹的种子从土里取出后，立刻挖下不少灵土扔在了龟纹锅内，又取出一色火的木头，开始尝试。
Feeling very curious all of a sudden, he quickly dug up the spiritwinter bamboo seeds, then filled the turtle-wok with spirit soil and produced a piece of one-colored firewood to perform a test.

很快的，银光一闪，龟纹锅内的灵土，竟一样出现了炼灵一次的银纹，只不过更黯淡，可这锅里的土，明显灵气浓郁了太多。
Soon, silver light flashed, and the spirit soil in the turtle-wok glowed with the design of a basic spirit enhancement. The light quickly faded, but the spirit soil clearly emanated a much stronger spiritual energy than before.

白小纯顿时乐了，也不嫌麻烦，倒出一锅，又扔进去一锅，如此循环，用了大半个时辰后，当他的一色火木用的差不多时，这一片灵田已被他全部炼灵一次。
Bai Xiaochun was delighted. Not feeling the slightest bit inconvenienced whatsoever, he quickly began to enhance one wokful of spirit soil after another. After more than an hour had passed, when he was just about out of one-colored firewood, the entire spirit field had benefited from a basic spirit enhancement.

只不过炼灵的土都是表面的一层，深处的地方他木头不够，也就没有去炼灵，使得此地灵土无根，难以长久保持，随着时间的流逝会渐渐恢复平凡。
Of course, that was only the top level of soil. He didn't have enough firewood t o go any lower. Therefore, because there was no foundation for the spirit soil, after enough time passed, it would gradually return to normal.

虽然这样，可这灵田的灵气，已经与之前出现了翻天覆地的变化，灵气之浓，甚至闻起来都有清香弥漫。
Even so, the current spiritual energy in the spirit field had undergone a heaven-shaking, earth-toppling transformation, and was so strong that it caused a fragrant aroma to swirl about.

白小纯赶紧将灵冬竹的种子种下，站在一旁目不转睛的看着，很快的，他就看到一根根绿芽已肉眼可见的速度突破而出，疯狂的生长起来。
Bai Xiaochun immediately planted the spiritwinter bamboo seeds again, then stood off to the side watching. It didn’t take long before some tiny buds poppe d up and began to grow rapidly.

那生长的速度，眨眼间就到了三尺多高，若是有宗门内专门种植药草的弟子看到，必定会倒吸口气，因为就算是修士用自身灵气去滋养，也很难生长的这么快。
In the blink of an eye, they were almost a meter tall. In fact, if disciples in the sect who were adept at growing medicinal plants saw what was happening, they would certainly gasp. Even if a cultivator skillfully nourished the plants with spiritual energy, they wouldn’t grow so fast.

毕竟 放眼整个修真界，从来没有任何一个人能奢侈到，将炼灵用在了土地上，只是为了种植十株灵冬竹
After all no one in the cultivation world had ever been so extravagant as to perform spirit enhancement on soil, all for the purpose of growing ten stalks of spiritwinter bamboo

即便是负有盛名的炼灵宗师，也绝对不会这么去做，这实在是太浪费了。
Not even the famous grandmasters of spirit enhancement would ever think to do such a thing, it was simply far too m uch of a waste.

眼看这些灵冬竹长的不错，白小纯这才满意，转身不再去理会，继续于院子内奔跑，继续去详细入微的学习玉简内的草木知识。
Seeing that the spiritwinter bamboo was now growing well, Bai Xiaochun felt very pleased. He turned back and continued to jog around the courtyard, simultaneously studying the plants and vegetation in the jade slip.

夕阳西下，随着天色渐暗，白小纯院子中灵田里的那些灵冬竹，已然暴涨到了近乎三尺的高度 而且看起来，似乎还远远不是极限，不知三个月后，会生长到什么惊人的程度
The sun was setting, and the sky grew dark. Considering that the stalks of spiritwinter bamboo had already grown higher than a meter, and had apparently still not reached its full height, it was hard to say exactly how tall they would be in three months

也是在这一天夜里，白小纯放下了手中的草木玉简，玉简内的一万种草木，已被他凭着那股狠劲，彻彻底底的全部记住，且每一株都做到了细致到惊人的程度，甚至还看出了玉简图文内对个别药草的介绍，似有矛盾的地方。
That night, Bai Xiaochun finally put the jade slip down. After vicious hard work, he had finally thoroughly memorized all 10,000 types of plants and vegetation. He had even found some areas in the descriptions of the medicinal plants that revealed how they conflicted with other medicinal plants.

“明天一早，我就去换草木第二篇，不知道万药阁用什么方法考核一个人是否有学习第二篇的资格，莫非是背诵？”
“Tomorrow morning, I’m going to go get the second volume about plants and vegetation. I wonder what the test at the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion will be like. Can I really pass it?”

白小纯抬起下巴，小袖一甩，刚想发下一番豪言壮语，但又觉得不放心，干咳一声，拿起玉简，再次温习起来，很担心明天换取草木第二篇的考核出现问题。
Bai Xiaochun set his chin and flicked his sleeve. He had just been planning on uttering some bold and audacious words, but then, just couldn’t help but feel a bit anxious. Clearing his throat, he picked up the jade slip again and began to study some more. He just couldn’t shake the fear that some problem would come up in the test.

第十七章 小乌龟
0016 chapter-17

第二天清晨，白小纯早早走出木屋，一眼就看到灵田内的那些灵冬竹居然长到了半人多高，很是满意的点了点头，这才走出院子，顺着山路向着万药阁走去。
The next morning at dawn, Bai Xiaochun woke up early. As soon as he walked out of his log cabin, he looked over at the spiritwinter bamboo and saw that it was already taller than half the height of an average person. He his head in satisfaction, then left the courtyard and headed in the direction of the 10,000 M edicines Pavilion.

远处初阳升起，霞光万丈，雾气在霞光中如有金鲤游走，看起来极为壮观，白小纯身姿轻快，一路没有停顿，渐渐途中看到了不少外门弟子，只不过没有一个认识，不由的想念火灶房的几位师兄。
The sun rose up over the horizon, sending scintillating beams of light out in all directions. The multi-colored sunlight dancing among the mists like golden carps was a truly spectacular sight. Bai Xiaochun was currently hurrying along a path along with numerous other Outer Sect disciples. He didn't recognize any of them, which caused him to suddenly miss his Elder

“不知道大师兄如今怎么样了，还有黑三胖 ”白小纯心底有些唏嘘，走了半个多时辰，当太阳完全升起时，他远远的看到了万药阁的十座惊人的石碑。
Brothers from the Ovens. “I wonder how Eldest Brother is doing, and Third Fatty Hei” Sighing inwardly, he walked along for about an hour, until the sun was high in the sky. Finally, he saw the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion off in the distance, and the ten shocking stone steles set up outside of it.

这十座石碑就是万药阁的标志，每一座石碑都散出淡青色的光芒，足有数十丈高，气势如虹，如十个巨人站在那里，威武不凡。
Those stone steles were the identifying feature of the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion. Green light emanated off of them, rising a hundred or more meters up into the air. It was an amazing sight, like ten giants standing there, completely intimidating.

石碑上可以清晰的看到一行行字迹，代表了排名，从一到百。
Visible on the surface of the stones steles were lines of text, a ranking system that went from one to a hundred.

只不过上面没有名字，而是一个个图案，每一个图案都代表着曾经在万药阁内，留下赫赫声明的外门骄子日后的药师印记。
Toward the top, there were no names, only various images, which were in fact the insignias of various Outer Sect Chosen who had become famous apothecaries in the 10,000 M edicines Pavilion.

每一个药师，都有一个独属于自己的印记，所炼制的满意的灵药上，都会刻出，以此流传千古，所以印记对于药师而言，代表了荣耀，很重要。
Every apothecary had a unique insignia which they would use to mark the satisfactory spirit medicines they had concocted. It was a tradition that went back throughout the ages, and therefore, it was an important honor to all apothecaries.

当日侯云飞带着白小纯来此地时，也曾简单的介绍了一番，此刻白小纯独自前来，随着靠近，他看到了那十座石碑上的排名。
The last time he had come here, Hou Yunfei had explained all of these things briefly. But now that Bai Xiaochun was coming here alone, he couldn’t help but stare at the ten stone steles.

最显眼的，就是他前方那座石碑上的第一名。 那是一个宝瓶！
The first thing that caught his attention was the eye-catching insignia on the first place position of the foremost stone stele.

这个宝瓶，侯云飞曾告诉白小纯，代表的是 周心琪！
According to Hou Yunfei, that magic bottle was the insignia of Zhou Xinqi!

这个名字白小纯不陌生，在他还是杂役的时候，就有一次听到张大胖于月光下，一边吃着人参须子，一边感慨，说起这个周心琪。
The name was not unfamiliar to Bai Xiaochun. Back when he was a servant, he remembered sitting under the moonlight once as Big Fatty Zhang munched on a ginseng rootlet and sighed about Zhou Xinqi.

此女本是一平凡人家，数年前被宗门一位前辈察觉出资质惊人，于是引入宗门，仔细查探了资质后，顿时轰动整个灵溪宗。
She came from a clan of mortals, and several years ago had been discovered by one of the Senior members of the sect, who sensed that she had unusual latent talent. When she arrived in the sect and was formally tested, her latent talent caused a huge commotion in the Spirit Stream Sect.

她竟是罕见的草木灵脉，不但修行速度比常人快了数倍，于炼药上更有着惊人潜力，最终拜入香云山，成为李青候坐下唯一弟子，被看成是继李青候后，未来支撑宗门的药师！
She had a rare plant and vegetation spirit meridian, which not only made her speed of cultivation many times greater than the average person, but also gave her astonishing potential when it came to concocting medicine. After joining Fragrant Cloud Peak, she became Li Qinghou’s only apprentice, and was actually viewed as the most important apothecary next to Li Qinghou, and a future pillar of the sect!

灵溪宗门规，任何人哪怕资质再高，也不会直接成为内门弟子，故而此女与其他两座南岸山峰的天骄一样，都是从外门弟子做起，以此来磨练自身，虽然如此，可修行资源的供给，自然是按照内门来发放。
According to the rules of the Spirit Stream Sect, it didn't matter how high a person's latent talent was, they couldn’t automatically become an Inner Sect disciple. Therefore, Zhou Xingqi was just like all the other Chosen from the other mountain peaks on the south bank. They all started out as disciples in the Outer Sect, where they trained hard to improve. However, the cultivation resources they had access to were actually provided by the Inner Sect.

且任何人都明白，这周心琪用不了太久，便会名正言顺的成为内门弟子。
Everyone knew that it wouldn't be long before Zhou Xinqi would prove herself and become an Inner Sect disciple.

偏偏这女子又绝美动人，使得无数男弟子都倾慕不已。
On top of all that, she was astonishingly beautiful, which earned her the wide admiration of countless male disciples.

有这些原因存在，所以她在香云山的弟子中，声明赫赫，无人不知，即便是那些内门弟子，也都从没有将她看成外门，甚至老牌的内门，也都对此女很是忌惮。
Because of all of these reasons, she was very famous on Fragrant Cloud Peak. In fact, the Inner Sect disciples didn’t view her as belonging to the Outer Sect.


Even the conservative Inner Sect as a whole feared her.

白小纯想到这里，对于这个周心琪很是好奇，看着那些石碑，他索性绕了一大圈，一座座看去，渐渐有些咋舌。
As Bai Xiaochun considered all these matters, he suddenly felt very curious about Zhou Xinqi. Then he made his way from one stone stele to the next, closely looking at all ten. Soon, he was virtually struck speechless.

“这周心琪也太厉害了，十座石碑，她居然有八座都是第一，剩下的两座，没有她的名字，应该是她还没去比过！”
“Zhou Xinqi is amazing. Of these ten stone steles, her name is in first place on eight! I don't see her name at all on the other two, presumably she hasn’t competed for those yet!”

白小纯睁大了眼，目光扫过石碑。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were as wide as saucers as he looked at all the stone steles.


By now, the crowd of disciples that had gathered around the 10,000

此刻万药阁四周的弟子渐渐多了起来，很快就人山人海，白小纯收回目光正寻找换取草木第二篇的地方，眼看此地人越来越多，有些诧异，不知今天为何人这么多，于是向前挤去，忽然听到阵阵哗然之声于四周如浪声般快速传来。
Medicines Pavilion had swelled to quite a number. Bai Xiaochun looked away from the stone steles and found the location where he could exchange his jade slip for the second volume of plants and vegetation. As he looked around, he realized that there really were a lot of people present, almost as if they were gathering in advance for some reason. Suddenly, he heard people talking excitedly.

“周师姐来了！”
“Elder Sister Zhou is coming!”

“哈哈，之前传出的消息果然是真的，周师姐这些天一定会来此地，不枉我等了好多天。”
“Hahaha! So the rumors were true! Elder Sister Zhou is coming today. We didn’t come in vain!”

“这一次，草木五篇，灵兽三篇，周师姐都是第一，这一次她必定会去挑战灵兽第四篇！”
“Elder Sister Zhou has already taken first place in the five volumes of plants and vegetation and three volumes of spirit creatures. This time she’ll definitely challenge the fourth volume of spirit creatures!”

四周议论的声音顿时掀起时，人群都拥挤了一下，白小纯被夹在里面，好在他身体现在不胖了，挤来挤去的，终于挤了出来，抬头时看到了一道长虹从远处瞬间飞来。
The buzz of conversation rose and fell, and the crowd grew more packed. Bai Xiaochun was stuck in the very middle, but thankfully he wasn’t as fat as he had been before. After jostling around a bit, he managed to get out in front. Just as he did, he looked up and saw a bright beam of light flying through the air.

那长虹是一条蓝绫，上面有一个穿着外门衣衫的女子，这女子一头如丝缎般的黑发随风飘拂，细长的凤眉，一双眼睛如星辰冷月，肤色奇美，身材轻盈，脱俗清雅。
It was blue flying silk, standing atop which was a young woman wearing the clothing of the Outer Sect. Long black hair flew behind her in the wind, she had narrow, phoenix-like eyebrows and eyes that shone as cold as the moon. Her complexion was lovely, her frame thin and lithe.

此刻直奔十座石碑中的一座飞去，在四周外门弟子的阵阵欢呼中，女子落下，眼不看四方，目中只有石碑下的十间并排木屋，选择了一处，迈步走了进去。
As she flew toward one of the ten stone steles, a cheer rose up from the surrounding Outer Sect disciples. She landed and, without even glancing around, headed directly toward one of the log cabins erected beneath the stone steles.

白小纯这才看到，在这十座石碑下，每一个石碑的四周都有一排木屋，此刻除了那女子所去的石碑外，其他的石碑下木屋，都有不少人进进出出。
It was only at this point that Bai Xiaochun noticed that all ten of the stone steles had log cabins beneath them. In fact, there were currently people going in and out of all of them, and that included the one the young woman had just entered. The surrounding disciples were very excited. Bai Xiaochun looked around and found one particular disciple who looked skinnier and weaker than the others, and sidled up to him.

“终于再次看到了周师姐，这一次周师姐一定可以成功的九碑第一！”
Then, he cried out loudly, “At long last, I can lay eyes on Elder Sister Zhou again. This time she’s definitely going to take first place on the ninth stone stele!” After that, he turned and asked the skinny guy for more details about what was going on. Considering the young man was in such a good mood, he quickly gave a detailed explanation.

“周师姐的目标是前无古人的十碑第一，也唯有她才可以做到这一点，随着她去考核灵兽第四、第五篇，必定第一！”
“Elder Sister Zhou wants to be the first person from ancient times to now to have first place in all ten stone steles. And she’s the only person who could possibly do it. All she has to do is take the test for the fourth and fifth volumes of spirit creatures, and she’ll definitely take first place in both!”

四周弟子纷纷振奋时，白小纯找了身边一个看起来瘦弱的外门弟子，先是一起大喊几声周师姐加油，随后趁机问询一番，对方似乎心情很好，详细的解答了一下。
Bai Xiaochun decided that the most important thing was to get the second volume of plants and vegetation, which meant that he had to go take the test in the appropriate log cabin. If he succeeded, the volume would be his.

白小纯确定了想要拿到草木第二篇，需要去石碑下的木屋内进行考核，成功才可得到，于是赶紧向着第一座石碑挤去，好不容易才靠近，发现这里的木屋已满，等了一会才看到有人崔头丧气的出来，他没有迟疑，立刻踏了过去。
Therefore, he began to push his way through the crowd to the first stone stele. It wasn’t easy, and after he got there, he found that all the cabins were already occupied. After waiting a bit, he saw a crestfallen disciple moping out from one of them, but that didn’t discourage him at all. He immediately entered the log cabin.

刚一进入木屋，外面的吵闹声如被隔开，变的非常安静，木屋不大，有一个蒲团放在中间，蒲团前有一座小一号的石碑。
Once inside, it was as if he was completely separated from the cacophony of sound on the outside, everything here was peaceful and quiet. The log cabin wasn’t very large, and in the middle, a prayer mat was laid out in front of a small stone stele.

按照问到的方法，白小纯盘膝坐在蒲团上，取出草木第一篇的玉简，将其碰触石碑，这玉简瞬间融入，石碑微微一震，有光芒扩散出来。
Bai Xiaochun sat down cross-legged in the prescribed fashion, then pulled out the jade slip that contained the first volume of plants and vegetation. He placed it up against the stone stele, and it sank down inside. The stone stele shuddered, and began to shine brightly.

“方才那位师兄说，这个时候要在石碑画一个代表自己未来药师的印记。”
“According to what the Elder Brother outside said, now is when I'm suppos ed to decide what insignia will identify me as an apothecary.”

白小纯想了想，呵呵一笑，在上面画下了一个乌龟，他喜欢乌龟，这乌龟画的歪歪扭扭，有些难看，可他却觉得很不错。
After thinking for a moment, he chuckled and drew the image of a turtle. He loved turtles, and although his drawing was a bit misshapen and ugly, in his eyes it was pretty good.

乌龟印记一闪消失，白小纯深吸口气，定气凝神一番，目中露出精芒，右手抬起手掌缓缓按向石碑，几乎在与这石碑碰触的瞬间，他脑海轰的一声，眼前猛地一花，清晰时，四周已不是木屋，而是置身一个虚幻的空间中。
The turtle insignia flickered a few times, and Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. He settled his qi and cleared his mind, and his eyes began to shine brightly. Finally, he slowly reached out and put his hand onto the stone stele. In the moment that he touched it, rumbling sounds filled his mind, and his vision swam.


When it became clear again, he was no longer in the log cabin, but in an illusory world.

还没等白小纯打量四周，他的眼前突然光芒一闪，在他的面前，竟在瞬间出现了无数的药草，铺天盖地一样。
Before he could size up his surroundings, light flashed in front of him, and countless medicinal plants appeared, filling his field of view.

这些药草并非完整，而是全部残破，被斩断成为了十多份，全部混淆在一起，密密麻麻的铺展开来。
None of the medicinal plants were intact. Instead, they were broken up into pieces of ten or more, all of which were scattered about.

放眼看去，数量之多，一时数不清晰。
Just by looking around, it was impossible to tell how many plants there were in total.

这正是让香云山无数外门弟子发指的，万药阁的恐怖考核，多少年来，无数人在这个考核面前望洋兴叹，也是因此，但凡在石碑出现名字，进入前百之人，都被无数人羡慕，更是心底服气。
This testing method of the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion was what countless Outer Sect disciples of the Fragrant Cloud Peak dreaded. Throughout the years, numerous disciples had taken the test, only to feel completely useless at the end. Because of that, if your name made it into the top 100 on the stone stele, you would be the object of mass envy and approval.

尤其是对于前十乃至第一，实至名归。
That was especially true of the first place spot, which led to total fame.

“一炷香内，拼凑灵株，以完整的数量多少为考核，开始。” 一个冰冷的声音，仿佛没有任何情感存在，于这虚幻的空间回荡。
A cold, emotionless voice suddenly rang out “In the time it takes an incense stick to burn, re-assemble the spirit plants. Your test results will be based on the total number you put together. You may begin now.”

“这么简单？”
“That’s it?”

白小纯觉得有些不可思议，以他对玉简内药草了解入微的程度，此刻一眼看去，就看到可以组成数百种草药的残片。
Bai Xiaochun thought. He almost couldn’t believe it. He had immersed himself in studying the medicinal plants in the jade slip to the point where even now, he could already spot hundreds of medicinal plant parts that he could piece together.

他来之前想了好多，此刻眼看是这么考核，心底立刻松了口气，可紧接着又觉得不放心。
He had been really worried about this test, but now that he saw what it was like, he heaved a sigh of relief. However, he still wasn’t completely at ease.

“不行，这么简单的考核，最终想要通过的数量，一定很高。”
“It can’t be this easy. Considering the test is so simple, the final target to pass must be incredibly high.”

白小纯一紧张，连忙抓紧时间，右手抬起连续指了十多下，每一个被他指去的药草残片，都按照他思绪所想，瞬间凝聚在了一起，眨眼间就组成了两株药草。
Once again feeling nervous, he quickly waved his finger through the air, pointing at a dozen or so medicinal plant fragments. Immediately, those fragments pieced themselves together, forming two medicinal plants.

他双手没有停顿，再次连续点去，几乎没有停顿，无数的残片飞出，相互飞快凝聚，组成了一株株药草，渐渐越来越多，很快就有上百。
Next he waved both hands in the air, not even pausing as he sent countless plant fragments flying around and forming together. One medicinal plant after another was formed, until soon he had 100 m edicinal plants.

白小纯目不转睛，精神高度集中，忘了四周一切事情，眼前只有这些草药残片，双手飞快，他着急啊，担心考核失败，所以此刻发了狠，眼睛都慢慢出现了血丝，双手更快。
He looked up in thought for a moment, and his spirits lifted. Tuning everything else out, he focused completely on the medicinal plant fragments, his hands flying about rapidly. Then, he suddenly thought about how terrible it would be to fail the test, and went all out with even more vicious determination. His eyes were completely bloods hot, and his hands moved even faster.

一百株，二百株，三百株，五百株 一千株！
100 pl ants. 200 pl ants. 300 pl ants. 500 pl ants 1,000 pl ants!

白小纯满头汗水，头顶甚至都冒出了白烟，双手更快，那些草木残片，他只要看一眼，就立刻能认出是哪一种草药，因为他在背诵玉简时，那些草药他甚至都想要将其磨成灰去研究。
Sweat poured down his face, white steam rose from the top of his head, and his hands flew. He looked around, instantly identifying more medicinal plant parts that could be pieced together. Back when he had been memorizing the medicinal plants in the jade slip, he had been so devoted to the process that he had reached the point where he wished he could grind the plants into powder to study them further.

只不过没有那个条件，所以只能观察到极致，见微知全。
However, that wasn't possible, so he could only study them in minute detail until he felt that he understood t hem completely.

这一幕若是被外面的弟子看到，必定所有人都会倒吸口气，无法置信，他们认为这考核已是令人发指，可却绝对想不到，白小纯对于玉简内一万株药草的研究，才是真正的令人发指。
If any of the disciples on the outside could see what was happening, they would gasp in disbelief. To them, this test was so terrifying it made the hair on their necks stand up straight. None of them could possibly imagine how thoroughly Bai Xiaochun had researched the medicinal plants in the jade slip.

时间流逝，两千株，三千株
Time passed. 2,000 pl ants. 3,000 pl ants

白小纯双眼血丝弥漫，他的双手只能勉强跟着思绪转动，若非是凝气四层的修为支持，怕是早就无法跟的上了。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were completely bloods hot as he forced his hands to follow his train of thought. He even relied on the power of the fourth level of Qi Condensation, fearful that he wouldn't be able to keep up.

到了这种程度，白小纯也不知道自己最终能否通过，只能狠狠一咬牙，不断地坚持下去。
Despite how fast he was going, he wasn't sure if he would be able to pass, so all he could do w as grit his teeth and keep going.

四千株、五千株、六千株、七千株
4,000 pl ants. 5,000 pl ants. 6,000 pl ants. 7,000 pl ants

不知过去了多久，那些药草的残片所剩不多时，忽然全部光芒一闪，瞬间消失，眼前再次一花，清晰时已回到了木屋内，石碑上出现一枚玉简，正是他之前融入进去的草木第一篇的玉简。
He wasn't sure how much time had passed, and there were still some plant fragments left. Suddenly, light began to shine everywhere, and his vision swam. The log cabin came back into view again, and the jade slip appeared on the surface of the stone stele. It was the same slip he had put in before, which contained the first volume of plants and vegetation.

“还差一些，就差了那么一些 ”他心中忐忑，捡起玉简崔头丧气的走出木屋时，听到了外面无数人的欢呼。
“I missed a few, but only a few” he thought apprehensively. After picking up the jade slip, he walked out of the log cabin, feeling completely crestfallen.

白小纯诧异抬头，一眼就看到周心琪所在的木屋，此女也恰好走了出来，而她身后的石碑，代表她名字的宝瓶，已出现在了第一位。
It was at this point that he heard the cheering on the outside. He looked up in the direction of the log cabin Zhou Xinqi had entered. As she walked out, her name suddenly appeared in first place.

第十八章 引领气氛！ 那是灵兽第四篇的石碑，如果去算，可以看成是第九石碑，此刻上面的第一位，赫然成为了一个宝瓶。 无数呼唤之声，在刹那间回荡四方。
0017 chapter-18

“哈哈，周师姐成功了，我就说么，周师姐必定会开创一个前所未有的石碑第一！”
“Hahaha! Elder Sister Zhou did it! Didn't I say she would get another unprecedented first place spot?”

“不愧是有着草木灵脉资质的周心琪，她未来不可限量！”
“She definitely deserves to have that plants and vegetation spirit meridian. Her options for the future are endless!”

“周师姐，我们等你下一次，开创先河，十碑第一，敲响灵溪大钟，震撼全宗！”
“Elder Sister Zhou, we’ll be waiting for you to set another record. When you get first place in all ten, the Great Spirit Stream Bell will toll to notify the whole sect!”

万药阁四周的所有外门弟子，欢呼之声此起彼伏，虽然里面也有一些面色难看，言辞尖锐之辈，可却被这欢呼声淹没在内，以周心琪在弟子中的地位，已经是如日中天一样，甚至被香云山的所有人，都看成了是香云山的门面。
All of the surrounding Outer Sect disciples were cheering. Although there were a few disgruntled faces to be seen, and a few sharply spoken words, they were drowned out by the overwhelming applause. Zhou Xinqi’s position among the disciples here was like the sun within the sky.


In fact, she was well regarded by virtually everyone on Fragrant Cloud Peak.

周心琪微微一笑，她虽然平日冰冷，可眼看这么多弟子欢呼，也不由得心中有些得意，如今这么一笑，立刻让无数弟子欢呼之声更为热烈。
Although she was normally quite cold, the applause of the surrounding disciples couldn’t help but make her feel a bit pleased with herself, and she smiled slightly. That smile caused the cheering to grow even louder.

白小纯也在人群内，羡慕的看着周心琪，心底叹了口气，抬起头看向草木第一篇的石碑，只看了一眼，他就双眼猛地睁大，半晌后立刻拿出草木第一篇的玉简，仔细一看，里面除了第一篇的一万草药外，又多了一万，他惊喜中挺胸抬头，露出傲然之意。
Bai Xiaochun stood there in the crowd, feeling quite envious of her. Muttering to himself, he looked back at the first stone stele and suddenly, his eyes went wide. Then he looked back down at the jade slip with the first volume of plants and vegetation, and after closer scrutiny, he realized that in addition to the original 10,000 types of plants and vegetation, another 10,000 had been added. His heart suddenly swelled with joy.

他赫然是看到在那草木第一篇的石碑上，此刻一只好看的乌龟，生生的压在了宝瓶的上面，怎么看都特别的舒服。
He then turned his head to look at the first stone stele, and saw that right above the magic bottle insignia was the image of a turtle. Suddenly, he felt wonderful.

他原本是打算走的，此刻站在人群里，忍着兴奋，准备听四周人对自己的欢呼，可等了等，四周的众人注意力都在周心琪那里，没有人留意草木石碑，甚至周心琪那里也都转身欲走。
He had originally planned to leave immediately. But now, filled with excitement, he waited to hear the audience begin to applaud his accomplishment. However, it quickly became apparent that everyone was only paying attention to Zhou Xinqi, and hadn't even noticed what had just occurred. In fact, even Zhou Xinqi was preparing to depart.

白小纯立刻急了，眨了眨眼后，他忽然诧异的大喊一声。
Bai Xiaochun immediately started getting nervous. Blinking, he suddenly called out in his most astonished voice “Look!

“你们看草木第一篇的石碑上，第一名怎么不是周师姐了，换了人啊，好奇怪，这如此好看的乌龟，是谁画的啊！”
Elder Sister Zhou isn’t in first place on the first stone stele anymore! Somebody else took her place! Weird! Now there’s a really cool-looking turtle there.

他声音尖细，在这四周的欢呼声里，也有着一定的穿透力，且话语所说的内容太过震撼，立刻他身边的不少人纷纷下意识的看去，随后全部神色大变，传出阵阵惊呼。
I wonder who drew that?” His voice pierced through the cheering, and as people heard the shocking nature of his words, they started to turn around to look at the stone stele.

如此一来，更多的人也听到了惊呼，看去时，纷纷全身一震，露出不可思议的神情，很快的，此地的所有人，都注意到了草木第一篇的碑文。
Soon, faces fell, and cries of alarm rang out. That in turn caused more people to spin around in shock. Expressions of disbelief could be seen as more and more people began to stare at the text on the first stone stele.

“这 这 第一座石碑，居然有人超越了周师姐！”
“Th-th somebody actually passed up Elder Sister Zhou on the first stone stele!”

“怎么可能，天啊，竟真的有人超越周师姐，此人是谁，这乌龟画的无比难看，这家伙是谁！”
“That’s impossible! Heavens! Somebody surpassed Elder Sister Zhou, and with that ugly-looking turtle. Who could it be?”

“居然还有人能在草木造诣上，将周师姐挑战下去，出大事了！
“There’s actually somebody who can pose a challenge to Elder Sister Zhou in terms of skill with plants and vegetation? This is ground-breaking!

周师姐这一次不是九碑第一，还是八碑第一！”
Elder Sister Zhou just took first place on the ninth stone stele, but she still only has a total of eight first place positions!”

四周人顿时哗然，掀起阵阵嗡鸣，议论声之大，甚至了之前对周心琪的欢呼，毕竟这种事情，让人没有丝毫准备，意外到了极致。
Everyone was in an uproar, and the sounds of discussion filled the air. Moments ago, everyone had been cheering Zhou Xinqi, and could not possibly have been prepared for something unexpected like this to happen.

白小纯在人群内，心底得意的都快笑开了花，可却担心此刻承认有些不够稳妥，于是生生忍着，但却时而高呼，诧异的声音在他四周的弟子里，也很突出。
Bai Xiaochun stood there in the crowd, so pleased with himself that he almost started laughing. However, he knew that doing so wouldn't be very appropriate, so he held himself back. Instead, he cried out in shock like everyone else around him.

他也着实没有想到，自己居然能第一。
Actually, he had never had even the slightest clue that he could actually take first place.

就在这时，原本要离去的周心琪，身影猛地一顿，她听到了四周人的惊呼，转身时凤目看向草木第一篇的石碑，看到了排在那里第一位的乌龟。
It was at this point that Zhou Xinqi, who had just been on the verge of leaving, suddenly trembled where she stood. After hearing the cries echoing out around her, her phoenix-like eyes turned to look at the first stone stele, and she saw the turtle in the first place spot.

她先是眉头微微一皱，很快就松开，心中不起丝毫波澜，在她想来，这草木第一篇石碑的第一，本就是当年刚刚成为外门弟子时获得，那个时候的她，也没有用出全力，更不用说此刻的自己，与当年已是完全不同。
At first she frowned, but then her expression calmed. In fact, she wasn’t even shocked at all. As far as she was concerned, when she had taken first place in the test of the first volume of plants and vegetation, it had been just after she was promoted into the Outer Sect. Back then, she hadn’t tried as hard as she could have when she took the test, and that was not to mention the advancement she had made since then.

“不错，宗门内应该是出了一个好苗子。”
“Not bad,” she said coolly. “It looks like there might be a new rising star in the sect.”

她淡淡开口，声音轻微，身体一晃直奔草木第一篇的石碑而去。
With that, her body flickered as she shot toward the first stone stele.

她想的很简单，被人超越了片刻而已，再拿回来就是。
In her mind, this was a simple matter. The moment someone exceeded her, she would take back what was hers.

她这一动，顿时让四周的弟子一个个振奋，全部目不转睛的看去，当看到周心琪走入草木第一篇石碑下的木屋时，立刻就心中充满了期待。
Her movement immediately caused a ripple of excitement to run through the crowd of disciples. All of them stared in anticipation as Zhou Xinqi walked into the log cabin to take the test for the first volume of plants and vegetation.

“周师姐这是要拿回属于她的第一啊，画出这乌龟的师弟，也算是不错了，可惜了，这个第一也就只能保留一炷香了。”
“Elder Sister Zhou is going to take back the first place spot which rightfully belongs to her! Whichever Junior Brother drew that turtle seems pretty good. What a pity that he’ll only be able to stay in first place for the time it takes an incense stick to burn.”

“也好了，此人也绝对是个草木上的天骄了，不过遇到了周师姐，只能算此人运气不好。”
“Well, that’s how it should be. He’s definitely Chosen when it comes to plants and vegetation. He’s just unlucky to have encountered Elder Sister Zhou.”

听着四周的声音，白小纯紧张起来，他心里没底，一方面想着剩下那些残片没来得及组合完整，一方面周心琪名气太大。
After hearing what everyone was saying, Bai Xiaochun started feeling nervous. Not only had he run out of time, but Zhou Xinqi was simply too famous.

甚至他自己都认为，这一次应该就是第二了。
Even he himself was starting to think that maybe he belonged in second place.

“没事，第二就第二吧，好男不和女斗！”
“Ah, that’s fine too,” he consoled himself. “If I get in second place, then second place it is. Men shouldn't be fighting women anyway!”

白小纯安慰自己，有心离去，可却不甘心，于是站在那里，患得患失的等了起来。
He wanted to leave, but couldn't quite make himself do so. He couldn’t stop wondering about whether or not he would lose out on what he had just won.

很快的，一炷香过去，石碑的排名依旧没有变化，白小纯还是第一时，周心琪从木屋内走出，她神色淡然，心底有十足的把握，这一次她用了至少八成的造诣，将一万株药草，生生完整了四千株。
Soon, enough time had passed for an incense stick to burn, and the name list hadn’t changed. Bai Xiaochun was still in first place, and Zhou Xinqi was now walking out from inside the log cabin. Her expression was calm, and she was completely confident, having used eighty percent of her skill to piece together 4,000 of the total of 10,000 m edicinal plants.

在她看来，超越那位有些天赋的未知弟子，已是绝对了。
From her perspective, she had already outclassed all the other naturally gifted disciples.

但在她走出的瞬间，却没有听到外面传来任何声音，甚至看去时，每个人的目光都变的古怪，甚至不少人都露出更强烈的不可思议。
However, as soon as she walked out, she realized that not a sound could be heard. In fact, all eyes were staring at her with strange expressions. There were even looks of shock.

周心琪一愣，猛地抬头看向石碑，看到的依旧是代表自己的宝瓶，被骑在那越看越难看的乌龟下面。
She looked around blankly, then turned to inspect the stone stele. It was at this point that she realized that the magic bottle which represented her name was still beneath the ugly turtle.

四周一片寂静，所有人都呆了，就连白小纯自己也都愣了，随后诧异的看着周心琪，觉得这女子除了长得好看，似乎 没想象中那么可怕。
Everything was dead quiet, and all the surrounding disciples, even Bai Xiaochun, were staring with gaping jaws. Bai Xiaochun then looked over at Zhou Xinqi and realized that, other than being quite good-looking maybe she wasn’t that special after all.

周心琪双眼微微一缩，很快恢复如常。
Zhou Xinqi’s eyes narrowed briefly, and then her expression returned to normal.

“的确有些草木资质，我对此人倒是有些好奇了。”
“This person really has some talent with plants and vegetation. Now I’m a bit curious to find out who he is.”

她转身一晃，在所有人的目光下，居然再次走入身后的木屋内。
Her body flickered and she once again entered the log cabin.

这一次，白小纯更不能走了，站在人群内翘首以待，而其他外门弟子，也都不在高声议论，而是彼此低声言论，此事在所有人看去，前所未有，觉得很是诡异。
This time, Bai Xiaochun didn't even think about leaving. He stood t here in the crowd, holding his breath in anticipation. The surrounding Outer Sect disciples were no longer discussing the matter in loud voices. Instead, they were whispering in hushed tones, watching the unprecedented scene playing out in front of them.

甚至渐渐看向那只乌龟时，觉得出现了一丝神秘感，这种神秘感，在一炷香后，当周心琪再次出来时，立刻无比的强烈起来。
Furthermore, many of them were glancing up at the turtle mark, which now seemed utterly mysterious to them. After enough time passed for an incense stick to burn, Zhou Xinqi emerged once again, and that enigmatic sensation increased.

乌龟 还在上面！
The turtle was still on top!

“天啊，此人是谁！” 白小纯睁大眼睛，尖细的首先喊了出来，立刻带动了其他弟子的气氛。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes went wide, and then he cried out in a loud voice to incite the other disciples “Heavens, who is this person?” Finally, the crowd, which had been silent up until now, exploded with conversation.

“周师姐两次居然都没有将其超越，怎么会这样，此人到底完整了多少株药草！”
“Elder Sister Zhou tried twice and yet didn’t surpass the turtle! How could this be happening? How many medicinal plants did that person complete?”

“谁看到了，刚才是哪个师兄进去考核的？”
“Did anybody see which Elder Brother it was that just took the test?”

寂静了许久的众人，在这一刻压抑不住的哗然而起，周心琪站在石碑下，秀眉紧皱，她方才已用出了全部造诣，完成了近乎六千株，可却怎么也没想到，居然还是被压在下面。
Zhou Xinqi stood beneath the stone stele, frowning. Just now, she had used all the skill she possessed to piece together 6,000 plants. She could never have imagined that she would still be stuck in second place.

她双眼眯起，冷哼一声，转身再次走入木屋，目中露出一股认真之意。
Her eyes narrowed, and she gave a cold harrumph as she spun and walked back into the log cabin, a very serious look in her eyes.

一炷香后，她再次出来时，神色极为凝重，再次转身，又过去一炷香，她出来时面色已经苍白，可神色内却有一股坚韧不服之意，再次回去。
After enough time passed for an incense stick to burn, she emerged again, her expression grave. She turned yet again and went back in, and the same amount of time passed before she emerged, face pale. Expression staunch, she once again entered.

一次，两次，三次，四次
Once. Twice. Three times. Four times

四周的所有修士，他们的呼吸也随着周心琪的一次次尝试，越发的爆了起来，可到了最后，却不约而同的再次寂静。
The surrounding cultivators were panting as they watched Zhou Xinqi try over and over again. However, the end result was that everyone lapsed into complete silence.

因为这一幕幕，代表的事情太可怕了，他们无法想象，那画下乌龟的人，到底完整了多少株药草，以至于让周心琪这里，竟始终无法超越。
The scene playing out in front of them was terrifying. They could never have possibly imagined that whoever owned the turtle insignia could have pieced together so many medicinal plants, and so thoroughly surpassed Zhou Xinqi.

那只乌龟，在这一刻，给此地众人的印象，强烈到了极致。
As of that moment, everyone was completely thunderstruck by the turtle.

尤其是周心琪再一次出来后，她美丽的双眸内，居然出现了血丝时，四周人都不由得倒吸口气。
That was especially true of Zhou Xinqi, who once again emerged, her beautiful eyes shot with blood. E veryone in the audience gasped. Bai Xiaochun couldn't help but clear his throat.

白小纯在人群内，只能不断地干咳，偏偏这个时候不能说出自己就是第一的那个人，如同心里有只猫在挠痒痒，让他只能暗自舒爽。
Right now, he couldn't just blurt out that he was the person in first place. However, the desire to do that very thing itched in his heart like a restless cat. Actually, it was a wonderful feeling. “Now's not the time,” he thought.

“不行，以后要找个机会，在一个万众瞩目的地方，告诉所有人，草木石碑第一的，就是我白小纯！”
“I’ll find an oppor tunity in the future to make a big scene in front of everybody . I’ll make sure everyone knows that the person who holds the first place spot on the first stone stele is none other than me, Bai Xiaochun!”

白小纯看着眼看天色渐晚，打了个哈气，摆出一副高手寂寞的样子。
Looking up, he realized that it was getting dark, and yawned, looking like the picture of a lonely hero.

“我白小纯弹指间，周心琪灰飞烟灭 ”他小袖一甩，转身傲然的走出人群，渐渐远去。
“With the snap of a finger, I, Bai Xiaochun, reduced Zhou Xinqi to nothing more than ash” With that, he flicked his sleeve and turned, walking away through the crowd.

随着他的远去，草木第一篇石碑下的周心琪，银牙一咬，再次走入木屋内，她很执着
As he departed, Zhou Xinqi gritted her teeth, and stubbornly entered the log cabin to once again take the test for the first volume of plants and vegetation

直至明月高挂，周心琪一脸疲惫，死死的盯着那只乌龟，她从来没想到，居然有一天，自己会遇到这样的事情，沉默中远去。
Eventually, the moon hung high in the sky, and Zhou Xinqi stood there, completely exhausted as she stared up at the turtle. She could never have predicted that a day like this would come, that something like this would happen.

四周众人这才散去，有关乌龟的传闻，在这一夜传遍整个香云山。
The crowds departed, and word of the turtle became the talk of Fragrant Cloud Peak.

本以为这件事情到此结束，可第二天天一亮，万药阁四周的弟子纷纷吃惊的看到周心琪居然又来了，直冲第一座石碑的木屋，失败后再次进入。
One would think that the matter was over, but the next day, as the sun shone down onto the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion, the disciples were shocked to see Zhou Xinqi return and once again go into the first stone stele’s log cabin. Yet again, she failed, over and over.

一天，两天，三天 整整三天的时间，周心琪的不甘心，使得香云山内，关于神秘乌龟弟子的讨论，已经到了一个难以形容的程度。
One day, two days, three days For a full three days, she never gave up. Soon, the gossip about the turtle disciple had reached a fever pitch in Fragrant Cloud Peak.

无人不知，无人不晓，甚至都传入到了内门弟子的耳中。
There was not a single person who hadn’t heard about the matter, and even the Inner Sect disciples were talking about it.

直至七天后，周心琪默默的站在石碑下，望着乌龟，她的目中首次出现了黯淡，这七天，她连续不断地尝试，已用了全力，甚至超常发挥，最好的成绩已经达到了七千株的样子，可还是无法超越那神秘的弟子。
Seven days later, Zhou Xinqi stood beneath the stone stele, staring up listlessly at the turtle. She had tried over and over again during the past seven days. She had held nothing back, and had even pushed herself to the point of piecing together 7,000 plants. However, she still couldn’t surpass that mysterious disciple.

“你到底是谁！”
“Just who are you?” she murmured.

周心琪喃喃低语，深吸口气后，咬牙转身，不在继续挑战，可那个乌龟，却深深地烙印在了她的心底，无法挥散。
Finally, she took a deep breath, gritted her teeth, and turned to leave. She would no longer attempt to compete over the first stele. However, the image of that turtle was now burned deeply into her psyche.

第十九章 白鼠狼的传说
0018 chapter-19

在香云山的日子，作为外门弟子的白小纯，过的非常滋润，除了在山上总是想念火灶房的美食外，其他的他都非常满意。
The comfortable life of an Outer Sect disciple on Fragrant Cloud Peak was great for Bai Xiaochun. Although he missed the delicious food he had access to back in the Ovens, everything else was quite satisfactory.

无论是修行的速度，还是对于草木的研究，都让他觉得人生很充实，只是偶尔会觉得无聊，他所在的院子有些偏僻，四周没有认识的人，很多时候连个说话的没有。
In terms of his progress in cultivation, and his research into plants and vegetation, he truly felt as if he was living life to the fullest. The only downside was that his courtyard residence was relatively remote, and there was no one around to chat with, so he got bored sometimes.

“莫非修士都是这么孤独？” 白小纯感慨的抬起头，站在院子里，望着天空，一副少年老成的模样。
“Could it be that all cultivators are so lonely?” he thought, sighing as he stood there in the courtyard looking up into the sky. Somehow, he felt much older and more grown up.

如今秋风已走，风雪飘落，随着温度的骤降，天地间偶尔能看到一些雪花落下，院子里的灵冬竹，也在这寒冬的降临时，越发的茁壮起来，如今的高度已经超越了白小纯的身高，翠绿一片，成为这寒冬里的一抹春意之景。
The winds of autumn had passed, and snow had begun to fall occasionally, causing the temperature to drop significantly. Snowflakes drifted about in the air, and the spiritwinter bamboo in Bai Xiaochun’s courtyard was growing strong and healthy. They were now taller than Bai Xiaochun himself, and emerald green in color. They were like a splash of spring in the middle of the winter cold.


A month had passed since he had taken first place on the first stone stele of plants and vegetation.

此刻距离他成为草木石碑第一，已有一个多月了，只是草木第二篇的难度，超出了他的预料，研究的速度慢了一些，最重要的是虽然周心琪始终没有拿回第一碑的第一，可白小纯这里一想到试炼结束时剩下的那些没有完整的草木残片，就会升起压力。
However, the second volume of plants and vegetation was much more difficult than he'd anticipated, causing his research to slow. But that didn’t change the most important thing to him, which was that Zhou Xinqi never took back the first place spot on the first stone stele. Unfortunately, Bai Xiaochun still felt a lot of pressure to be able to piece together all of the incomplete medicinal plants that he hadn’t been able to before.

“我的赫赫声名，不能让周心琪那个小娘子给超越。”
“I have an amazing reputation now. I can't let that wench Zhou Xinqi surpass me.”

白小纯暗自下了决心，他还没有完成内心深处那种要在万众瞩目时，傲然的说出自己就是乌龟药师的理想，于是越发觉得自己要更努力才好。
From that moment, Bai Xiaochun decided that he would continue to work harder and harder until he reached his secret goal of being able to proudly announce in front of everyone that he was Apothecary Turtle.

虽然草木第二篇进展慢了，可他修行不死长生功，已经快要达到一个小周天。
Although his progress with the second volume of plants and vegetation was slow, his cultivation of the Undying Live Forever Technique was rapidly nearing the point where he would be able to achieve a full minor circulation.

每次修行时的剧痛都在加剧，可白小纯对于不死长生这四个字的执着，使得他这里竟生生的坚持到了现在。
Although the pain only continued to get worse, Bai Xiaochun remained completely focused on the terms ‘undying’ and ‘live forever’.

“还有三天，三天后，按照不死长生功的说法，就是一个完整的小周天了。”
“Three more days. According to the description of the Undying Live Forever Technique, in three days I’ll be able to complete a minor circulation.”

白小纯深吸口气，咬了咬牙，一边研究草木第二篇，一边在这院子里来回飞奔。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, gritted his teeth, and continued to speed around his courtyard, simultaneously studying the second volume of plants and vegetation.

很快的，三天过去，当第三天的黄昏，天空飘起了雪花，使得灵溪宗银装素裹。
The three days passed by quickly. On the evening of the third day, it began to snow, covering the Spirit Stream Sect in a blanket of shimmering silver.

白小纯正奔跑时，忽然他身体猛地一震，直接停顿下来，持续了九九八十一天的剧痛，在这一刻瞬间消失。
Bai Xiaochun was in the middle of running when a tremor ran through him, and he suddenly stopped in place. The pain that he had been enduring for the past eighty-one days suddenly vanished.

阵阵热流蓦然爆发，在他的身体内不断地涌现后，全部凝聚在了皮肤上，使得皮肤滚烫，仿佛刚刚从火炉里出来的烙铁。
A flow of heat exploded through him, converging on his skin, which felt as if it were broiling in an oven.

雪花还没等落在他的身上，立刻就融化，紧接着直接成为了白气升空。
The snowflakes melted before they could even get near him, instantly transforming into a white mist.

“成了！”
“It worked!” he exclaimed ecstatically, despite his dry throat.

白小纯虽然口干舌燥，很是燥热，可却惊喜不已，他低头看向自己的身体，立刻看到自己的皮肤出现了一些黑色的光芒，这些光游走一圈后，慢慢消散。
Although he felt like he was on fire, when he looked down, he saw a black light flowing over his skin, which circulated around him and then vanished.

白小纯右手戳了一下手臂，那种坚韧如牛皮般的感觉，让他双眼冒光，随后又活动了一下身躯，他明显的发现自己的速度似乎快了一些，于是向前一冲，嗖的一声，竟直接出现在了数丈外。
He then poked his arm with his right hand, and could tell how incredibly tough it was. His eyes shone, and shook his arms and legs a bit. Instantly, he could tell that he was much faster than before. He started to run forward, then let out a cry of shock as he appeared several meters away in the blink of an eye.

这种速度，已是他之前的一倍要多，眼看效果如此明显，白小纯更为喜悦，尝试了半晌，颇为满意。
He could now move twice as fast as he could before. Completely delighted, Bai Xiaochun ran around a bit to test out his new speed, and was very satisfied.

于是没有迟疑，按照不死长生功的口诀，继续修行，这是一种闭住口鼻，尝试以身体去呼吸的方法，一呼一吸，算是一个小循环，要求是每天进行九九八十一次，持续九九八十一天，才算一个小周天。
Without any further hesitation, he used the Undying Live Forever Technique mnemonic to continue practicing cultivation. This new method involved closing his mouth and nose and then attempting to breathe through his skin. An inhalation and exhalation counted as a minor cycle. He needed to practice eighty-one minor cycles per day for eighty-one days to complete a minor circulation.

若能坚持做到，那么与之前的身体剧痛的小周天结合在一起，便是不死皮的小成！
If he could accomplish that, then, combined with the painful minor circulation he had already completed, he would have made his initial success in acquiring the Undying Skin.

白小纯练习了好一会，才慢慢找到了规律，站在院子里呼吸起来，可就在他好不容易完成了一个小循环后，他的身体竟肉眼可见的瘦了一圈。
After practicing a few times, Bai Xiaochun got the knack of it and struggled to get through one minor cycle. Afterward, his body seemed much more gaunt.

与此同时，阵阵饥饿感浮现，让白小纯的肚子，传出咕咕的声音，他没有理会，继续这样去呼吸，渐渐地，他的身体竟越来越瘦，到了最后，在他完成了第十五次呼吸后，他的身体看起来快要皮包骨。
He also felt incredibly hungry, and gurgling sounds could be heard coming from his stomach. He ignored that, and continued breathing, causing his body to get even skinnier. After breathing in and out fifteen times, his body looked like nothing more than a bag of bones.

如同所有的养分都全部被抽走，而他的皮肤在这一刻，看起来却更为坚韧。
It was as if all the nutrients that existed inside of him had been sucked out of him. However, his skin looked even more resilient than before.

但白小纯忍不住了，他睁开眼时头昏眼花，眼睛都快绿了，那种无法形容的饥饿感，仿佛面前有个巨象都可以一口吞下。
Bai Xiaochun couldn't hold on any longer. His vision was fading, and his eyes had turned green from the indescribable hunger which filled him. He was so hungry that he could eat an elephant in a single bite.

“不行了，我要饿死了！”
“This isn't working, I'm starving to death!”

白小纯使劲咽着唾沫，双眼带光，四下乱砍，可这四周没有任何能吃的东西，唯独那竹子绿油油的，似乎看起来很可口。
He looked around, salivating, only to realize that there was nothing in the area to eat except for the verdant bamboo h e was growing, which at the moment looked quite attractive.

他想忍住，但那种饥饿的感觉，让他身体呼的一声直接来到了灵冬竹的旁边，向着那竹子狠狠地咬了一大口。
Unable to hold back because of the incredible hunger, he sped over to the spiritwinter bamboo a nd took a big bite out of one of them.

咔擦一声，竹身被他咬下一大块，在嘴里咔嚓咔擦的，咽下去后，白小纯忽然面孔扭曲，那种苦味，让他整个人都哆嗦了一下。 “太苦了 ”
Crunching sounds could be heard as he ripped out a huge chunk and began to chomp it down. After swallowing, his face twisted, and he shivered from the bitter flavor.

“我想吃饭 ”白小纯在这一瞬，对于火灶房的想念，已强烈到了极致，他饿啊，甚至他这么大，都没这么的饿过，此刻饿的晕乎乎的，眼睛越来越绿，呼吸急促，身体蓦然冲出，直接飞奔出了院子。
“Too bitter I need to eat some real food” He suddenly missed the Ovens more than ever. Never before in his life had he ever been this hungry, so hungry that he felt like he was going to faint. His eyes were turning even more green, and he was panting. Finally, he bolted out of the courtyard.

顺着山路疾驰，速度极快，途中遇到的其他外门弟子，只感觉一股风从身边吹过，纷纷诧异的看向白小纯的背影。
Racing down the mountain path at top speed, he would occasionally encounter other Outer Sect disciples. To them, it felt like a wind was blowing past their bodies, and they turned in shock to stare at Bai Xiaochun running off into the distance.

这一路直接下了山，冲入杂役区，直奔火灶房，甚至连开门的时间都不愿浪费，整个人直接飞跃进去。
He raced down the mountain, into the servants’ district and straight toward the Ovens. Not wanting to waste time opening the door, he flew over the main gate.

此刻火灶房正在做饭，张大胖与黑三胖离去后，黄二胖成为了这里的头，他正在倒着米汤时，一股风吹来，面前的碗没了，出现在米汤下的，是张开大嘴的白小纯。
The Ovens crew was in the middle of cooking. Now that Big Fatty Zhang and Third Fatty Hei were gone, Second Fatty Huang had become the leader. He was currently ladling out some rice gruel into a bowl, when suddenly a wind blasted in his face, and the bowl was gone, to be replaced by Bai Xiaochun’s gaping mouth.

“啊？”
“Huh?”

黄二胖吓了一跳，其他几个胖子也都愣住，当看清了是白小纯后，还没等他们说话，白小纯就绿着眼自己拿起一口大锅，咕咚咕咚的全部喝完，似乎还是觉得满，竟把头直接深入一口锅中，那锅内的米汤瞬间减少
Second Fatty Huang was startled, and stood there gaping for a moment. Before anybody could say anything, Bai Xiaochun grabbed one of the nearby woks and began to guzzle it down. Apparently that wasn’t enough, because he then simply dunked his head into the wok, draining the rice gruel

一口，两口，三口 白小纯一脸喝下了一百多口锅的汤，他的身体就如同一个无底洞一样，竟没有半点撑的感觉。
One wok, two woks, three woks Bai Xiaochun rapidly drank down a hundred woks of gruel. He was like a bottomless pit, and still didn't feel close to being full.

“饿啊，不行了，我还饿 我要吃肉！”
“Still hungry! This isn't working! I'm so hungry I need meat!”

白小纯急了，四下乱看，第一眼就看到了几个如肉山般的胖子师兄，咽下一口唾沫。
He looked around frantically and quickly caught sight of the mountains of meat that were his Elder Brothers. The fatties of the Ovens stared at Bai Xiaochun in shock.

火灶房的胖子们目瞪口呆的看着白小纯，他们见过饿的，可却从来没见过被饿成这样的，这哪里还是白小纯，这分明是饿死鬼啊。
They had seen hungry people before, but had never seen someone this hungry. It was like the ghost of a person who had died from starvation.

尤其是当发现白小纯居然盯着自己等人咽唾沫时，黄二胖等人立刻疯了，赶紧后退，黄二胖更是大吼一声。
Then they realized that he was staring at them and salivating. Second Fatty Huang suddenly backed up rapidly, simultaneously shouting, “Ninth Fatty, quickly, there’s some spirit food in the kitchen that we prepared for Elder

“九胖，厨房里有给周长老准备的灵食！”
Zhou!”

白小纯一听这话，眼睛的光猛地一闪，身体直接冲入厨房。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes gleamed, and he immediately charged toward the kitchen.

外面的黄二胖等人面面相觑，都倒吸口气。
Outside, Second Fatty Huang and the others exchanged dismayed glances.

“看到了么，这就是成为外门弟子的下场，小师弟都被饿成这样了 ”
“Did you see that? That’s the fate in store for people who become Outer Sect disciples. Look at how hungry little Junior Brother is”

“打死我们，我们也不成为外门弟子！”
“You could beat me to death before I agree to become an Outer Sect disciple!”

其他几个胖子都下定了决心，对于白小纯这里颇为同情。
The other fatties were all completely determined to hold fast to their decision, although they felt bad for Bai Xiaochun.

这一顿，白小纯强忍着，按照火灶房的六句真言，只是吃了边角，没有去吃全部，因为一旦破了规矩，坑害的就是火灶房的那些师兄，这种事情，白小纯做不出来。
At the moment, Bai Xiaochun was doing his best to control himself and abide by the six lines of truth from the Ovens. He would only nibble the edges, and not eat the entire item. After all, if he broke the rules, that could implicate his Elder Brothers, which was something he would never do.


After drinking the gruel and nibbling the edges of the spirit food, Bai


Xiaochun’s hunger had been reduced a bit.

喝了汤，吃了边角，白小纯的饥饿感，终于少了一点，可以短时间忍受了，这才走了出来，他欲哭无泪，觉得不死长生功太可怕了，现在虽然不痛了，可这种饿的感觉，更是让人疯狂。
He could deal with it now, so he walked out of the kitchen, wanting to cry but not able to find any tears. This Undying Live Forever Technique was far too terrifying. Although he didn’t have to deal with any pain now, the hunger was enough to drive a person mad.

“二师兄 ”白小纯眼巴巴的看着黄二胖。
“Second Elder Brother” he said, looking nervously at Second Fatty Huang.

黄二胖眼看白小纯目光恢复正常，这才放下来，敢走到了白小纯的面前，拍了拍他的肩膀，一副同情的目光。
Seeing that Bai Xiaochun looked normal again, Second Fatty Huang finally felt relieved. He walked up and patted him on the shoulder in sympathy.

“小师弟别担心，大不了我们再准备一些给周长老就是了，你看你都饿成这样了，唉，以后你多回来补补吧。”
“Little Junior Brother, don't worry. Thankfully, we were already preparing some food for Elder Zhou. Look at how hungry you are! Ai.

这番话语听的白小纯感动，他咬了咬牙，决定以后还是少回来吧，不然的话自己如今的状态，万一哪天真的没忍住，一个火灶房怕是养不下
From now, you come back more often to fill up, alright?” Bai Xiaochun was very moved. However, he gritted his teeth and decided that he would do the oppos ite. After all, one day if he ever reached the point where he lost control, he might end up clearing out the entire Ovens

在黄二胖等人的相送下，白小纯唉声叹气的走上香云山，直接的美好与舒服，瞬间消散了，取而代之的则是一片绝望，他很怕自己真的被饿死。
Second Fatty Huang and the others escorted him out, and Bai Xiaochun sighed continuously as he trekked back up Fragrant Cloud Peak. All of a sudden, the wonderful, carefree feeling from before was gone, replaced by despair. He really was scared of starving himself to death now.

“不知道灵溪宗在我之前，有没有被饿死的弟子，我不想成为第一个啊。”
“I wonder if there really were some Spirit Stream Sect disciples who died from starvation in the past. I definitely don't want to be the first.”

白小纯哭丧着脸，正想着有什么办法长久的解决吃食的问题时，忽然听到了不远处传来了一声声鸡鸣。
Scowling miserably, he was in the middle of trying to figure out how to resolve the food and hunger issue when suddenly he heard a rooster crowing off in the distance.

在听到鸡鸣的刹那，白小纯身体一顿，缓缓的转过头，死死的盯着传来鸡鸣的方向，眼睛都直了，肚子开始咕咕叫了起来。
The sound caused him to pause in place and slowly turn his head to stare in the direction of the crowing.

“鸡 ”白小纯四下看了看，发现没人注意自己，身体一晃，直接没入草丛内，速度飞快，如一条黄鼠狼般，嗖的一下就不见踪影。
“Chickens” Looking around to ensure that nobody was watching him, he ducked into a nearby thicket, vanishing with a whoosh. Then he began to slink along like a weasel.

片刻后，在香云山专门饲养灵禽的地方，四周的栅栏外，白小纯缩着身子蹲在那里，望着围栏内一群正高傲的彼此走来走去，尾巴有三色羽毛，个头足有小牛犊般大小的鸡，目中的光贼亮，不知咽下多少口唾沫。
Moments later, he appeared outside the fence that surrounded Fragrant Cloud Peak’s spirit fowl farm. Inside were a group of chickens strutting around arrogantly, as large as calves, with three-colored tails. Bai Xiaochun eyed them with glistening eyes, and began to salivate.

“肉 ”白小纯这里，发出了古怪的笑声，那笑容听起来，格外的瘆人。
“Meat” he murmured, then began to chuckle, a strange sound that, when coupled with his wide smile, was completely terrifying.

第二十章 一地鸡毛
0019 chapter-20

灵尾鸡，身体较寻常家鸡要巨大很多，羽毛坚硬，习性凶猛，成年之后堪比凝气二层。
Spirit tail chickens were far larger than ordinary chickens. They had very resilient feathers and extremely ferocious temperaments. After reaching full maturity, they were comparable to the second level of Qi Condensation.

因禽肉可食用，蛋可滋补，血与骨能入药，尤其是尾巴，更是少见的三色火的燃烧，故而使得这灵尾鸡，在灵溪宗南岸三山都有大量饲养。
Not only was their meat edible, so were their eggs. Their blood and bones could be added to medicines, and when you burned their tails, they could create rare, three-colored flames. Because of all that, large amounts of spirit tail chickens were being raised in all of the three mountains on the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect.

只不过不是归属宗门所有，而是李青候以及其他两座山的掌座私人之物，安排弟子专门饲养，于这香云山上，就有三处区域被圈起，为灵尾鸡繁殖所用。
However, they did not actually belong to the sect itself. Instead, they were the personal property of Li Qinghou and the Peak Lords of the other two mountain peaks, who assigned certain disciples to raise them and take care of them. On Fragrant Cloud Peak, there were three areas specially set aside to breed them.

白小纯蹲在草丛内，望着那些灵尾鸡，这种鸡他以前在火灶房时没见过活的，但吃过肉，知道肉质极为美味，也听张大胖说起，知晓此鸡喜吃灵虫。
Bai Xiaochun crouched in the thicket looking at the spirit tail chickens. Back when he had worked in the Ovens, he had never seen the chickens alive, but had eaten their meat and knew it was delicious. Furthermore, Big Fatty Zhang had mentioned that they loved to eat spirit bugs. After observing the chickens for a while, Bai Xiaochun flickered into motion.

许久之后他身体一晃，没有轻举妄动，选择了下山，用所剩不多的灵石，换来了一袋子灵虫，这才回到了院子。
He did not do anything rash, but instead went back down the mountain, where he spent some spirit stones to buy some spirit bugs, after which he returned to his courtyard residence.

刚一回来，他的肚子又饿了，强忍着昏晕，白小纯来回寻找，似乎在找什么材料。
By the time he got back, he was so hungry that he had to fight not to faint, and immediately began to look around for something to eat.

不多时，当他看到那些灵冬竹后，顿时眼睛一亮，这些竹子如今已长到了足有一丈多的长度，更是拳头粗细，散发灵芒，看起来很是不凡。
It didn't take long for his gaze to fall upon the spiritwinter bamboo, whereupon his eyes began to shine. The bamboo stalks were already around three meters tall, and thick as a fist. From the spirit glow they emanated, they seemed far beyond ordinary.

白小纯赶紧上前，绕着竹子看了几圈，哈哈一笑，按照自己所学的草木知识，将一根灵冬竹内最坚硬的竹头取下两截。
Bai Xiaochun immediately hurried over and began to walk around the bamboo stalks, laughing heartily as he studied them closely. Based on what he had studied about plants and vegetation, he was quickly able to identify the toughest among the various stalks, which he cut off at the base and then sliced in half.

对于如何偷鸡，白小纯有着特殊的办法，偷鸡的重点，在于一个偷字，如何不被人发现，是一门学问。
When it came to stealing chickens, Bai Xiaochun had a very special method. The key lay in the word ‘steal’ itself. Being able to get the chickens without anyone noticing was an art form.

利用这两截竹子，他很快就做出了一个竹知了。
He quickly used some of the bamboo to craft a device called a bamboo cicada.

此物是他小时候跟他爹学的，据说是一种遇鸡杀鸡，遇凤杀凤的利器，随后又用竹丝编织成了一条绳索，试了试力度后，将竹知了与绳索连接，趁着夜色，飞奔出去。
He had learned how to make bamboo cicadas from his father when he was young. Suppos edly, they were effective in catching all sorts of creatures from chickens to phoenixes. Once the bamboo cicada itself was finished, he used some strips of bamboo to weave a cord. After finishing that, he tested out the cord’s strength, tied it to the bamboo cicada, then flew out into the darkness of night.

“我要吃鸡！”
“I'm gonna eat chicken!”

一路肚子咕咕叫着，可白小纯的双眼却满是绿光，这种饿急了的状态，使得他速度更快，直奔最近的饲养灵尾鸡的地方。
His stomach grumbled, but his eyes were shining with a green light. Because of how starving he was, he moved even faster than normal, and soon arrived at the spirit tail chicken farm.

临近时他速度慢了下来，蹑手蹑脚的靠近栅栏，将手中挂着灵虫的竹知了，用力扔了进去，蹲在一旁，拿着与竹知了连接的绳索，忍着饥饿等待。
As he neared, he tiptoed up to the fence, placed a spirit insect onto the bamboo cicada, then threw the bamboo cicada over the fence. Next, he crouched hungrily off to the side, holding the cord, which was attached to the cicada.

栅栏内有一些木屋，远处还有外门弟子修行居住，至于这挺大的这饲养院内，有上百只灵尾鸡，大都爬在那里，不多的一些来回走动，时而高傲的抬头，气质不俗，不多时，一只灵尾鸡似察觉到了什么，转头看了看不远处的地方，走过去后立刻就看到了灵虫，直接张开口，一口就啄了过去。
Further inside the fence were some log cabins, where certain Outer Sect disciples resided and practiced cultivation. The chicken farm was quite large, with over a hundred spirit tail chickens, most of whom were laying on the ground. A few were walking about, occasionally sticking their heads up haughtily and looking around. After a bit of time passed, one of the spirit tail chickens seemed to have noticed something.


It turned and looked at something a ways away, then walked over.

但就在这只灵尾鸡啄住灵虫的刹那，似触动了机关，顿时被掰弯的竹子，猛地弹开，很是巧妙的直接卡住了这只灵尾鸡的口，上下支撑，使得鸡嘴被强行打开。
It immediately saw the spirit insect sitting there, prompting it to peck its beak dow n to grab it. However, as soon as the spirit tail chicken pecked at the spirit insect, right at the critical moment, the bent piece of bamboo snapped open, ingeniously forcing the chicken’s beak open.

灵尾鸡想要发出声音，可嘴被卡住，一点声音也传不出来，它想要用力将口中撑起的竹子碾碎，但这竹子坚韧无比，根本没用，同时一股大力猛地从竹子上传来。
The spirit tail chicken wanted to cry out, but its beak was stuck open, and it couldn’t emit any sounds. Then it tried to close its beak and crush the bamboo, bu t the bamboo w as too resilient, and its efforts were in vain.

任凭这只灵尾鸡如何挣扎，也只能没有声息的被快速的拽动，直奔围栏后，绳索一抖，灵尾鸡顿时被拽的飞起，被白小纯一把抓住，他凝气四层的修为凝聚在手上，更有坚韧的皮，力气极大，直接一拧鸡脖子，扔在了储物袋内，这一套动作极为熟练，一看就是个中老手。
No matter how the spirit tail chicken struggled, it couldn’t make a peep as it was quickly dragged toward the fence, then up and over, straight into Bai Xiaochun’s hands. Bai Xiaochun quickly drew upon the power of the fourth level of Qi Condensation, sending massive amounts of force into his hands, which he used to snap the chicken’s neck. Then he tossed it into his bag of holding.


From the way he moved, it seemed he was quite a veteran when it came to this sort of thing.

全程用时不到三十息，这还是因等待耗费了一些，否则的话，将会更快。
The entire affair took only about thirty breaths of time, and most of that time had been spent lying in wait. Were it not for that, it would have been accomplished even faster.

白小纯内心激动，直接就回到了自己的院子，很快的，阵阵香气散出，当天亮的时候，那只鸡已完全的塞进了白小纯的肚子里。
Bai Xiaochun raced excitedly back to his courtyard residence, whereupon a fragrant aroma soon filled the air. By dawn, the entire chicken was now in Bai Xiaochun’s belly.

只剩下了一地的鸡毛与鸡骨头
The only thing left were the feathers and the bones scattered about

这一只灵尾鸡吃下，白小纯的饥饿感顿时消散了大半，身体都明显补回来了一些，全身暖洋洋的，让他觉得很是舒服。
After eating the entire spirit tail chicken, most of Bai Xiaochun’s hunger was abated. Having replenished his body , he now felt quite warm and comfortable.

甚至体内的灵气，也都多了一丝，可最明显的，还是不死长生功，使得白小纯竟一口气运转了七八个呼吸循环。
In fact, he even seemed to have a bit more spiritual energy inside. However, the most apparent change had to do with his Undying Live Forever Technique. Bai Xiaochun immediately began to breathe in and out, for roughly eight cycles.

每一次呼吸，他体内都会有阵阵暖意弥漫，凝聚在皮肤上，使得他的皮肤看起来更为坚韧，虽有黑芒闪过，可仔细去看，依旧是白白净净。
With every inhalation and exhalation, pulsating warmth would spread through his body and then converge on his skin. That in turn caused his skin to become tougher and more resilient. It even flickered with a black light. However, if you looked closely, it was just as fair and clear as before.

“这不死长生功，先是痛，后是饿，修行起来的确是难度不小，但效果却很好。”
“The Undying Live Forever Technique starts with pain, then moves to hunger. This type of cultivation is definitely quite difficult, however, the results are excellent.”

白小纯右手抬起时，拿出了木剑，小心翼翼的在手背上轻轻一碰。
With that, he extended his right hand, within which appeared his woode n sword. Then, he carefully and softly tapped the blade onto the back of his hand.

这炼灵两次的木剑，在碰触白小纯皮肤时，白小纯明显感受到存在了一些阻力，他没有继续，但对于修行不死长生功，更为坚定。
The woode n sword had a twofold spirit enhancement, but when it touched his skin, Bai Xiaochun could sense a faint force of resistance. He ceased any testing, more convinced than ever that he needed to continue cultivating the

“按照不死长生功的说法，这不死皮分为金、银、铜、铁四个层次，我如今应该还只是入门，如果能呼吸九九八十一天 就可以达到不死铁皮的小成。”
Undying Live Forever Technique. “According to the description, the Undying Skin has four stages iron, bronze, silver, and gold. Right now I’ve just started. But if I can last for eighty-one days I should be able to develop Undying Iron Skin.”

白小纯看了眼一旁的鸡骨头，对于能修炼成不死铁皮的方法，已心中有数。
Bai Xiaochun looked around at the scattered chicken bones, and in his heart, he now realized what was the key to successfully cultivating the Undying Iron Skin.

“好在这山上的灵尾鸡足够多。”
“Thankfully, there are plenty of spirit tail chickens on the mountain,” he thought, laughing heartily.

白小纯哈哈一笑，对于灵尾鸡的兴趣，更大了。
He was now more interested in the spirit tail chickens than ever.


What he didn't know was that in the past 10,000 years in the Spirit Stream

他不知道，这不死长生功在灵溪宗内，万年来也有不少人修过，其中有大半都是在前八十一天难以承受那种恐怖的折磨而放弃，但也有一些坚持下来，可此功之后修行的重点，是对资源的耗费。
Sect, very few people had ever cultivated the Undying Live Forever Technique. Most who did ended up quitting during the terrifying torment that was the first eighty-one days. Although some managed to continue, the main problem after that was how much money it cost to keep going.


In order to cultivate the technique all the way to the stage of Undying Gold

如果想要修到不死金皮，那消耗的代价极为恐怖，哪怕是一个宗门，也都不会轻易付出，毕竟同样的资源去修行其他的炼体之法，虽没有不生长生功玄妙，可却更为划算。
Skin, the expenditure involved was simply terrifying. Even an entire sect would have a hard time forking over so much. After all, those resources could be used on other, less wasteful techniques. Although those other techniques weren’t as marvelous, a sect had to consider what was most cost- effective.

也是因此，才使得不死长生功摆在藏经阁内，无人问津。
That was the main reason why the Undying Live Forever Technique had ended up gathering dust in the Scripture Pavilion.

修行一番，白小纯将那些鸡骨头整理，埋在了灵土中，至于那些鸡毛，也被他同样扔了下去。
After practicing cultivation for a bit, Bai Xiaochun gathered up the chicken bones and buried them in the nearby spirit soil, along with the feathers.

这才走出院子，专门找了外门弟子人多的地方，竖起耳朵打探消息，以他当年在村子里的经验，明白这偷鸡的时间，需要隔三差五效果才好。
Then he left his courtyard residence and found a place where the Outer Sect disciples tended to congregate, where he eavesdroppe d a bit to see if anyone was talking about the chicken being stolen. Based on his experience stealing chickens back in his village, he knew that the most optimal method was to only strike once every few days.

一番打探，倒也没有听到有关灵尾鸡丢失的事情，但却偶然间知晓了灵尾鸡的三色尾，居然是三色火的燃料。
After eavesdropping a bit, he didn’t hear anyone mention anything about a missing chicken. However, during his eavesdropping, he also learned that the three-colored tail feathers of the spirit tail chickens could be used to kindle three-colored flames.

知晓此事后，白小纯立刻跑回院子，赶紧从灵土里将那跟三色尾挖出，拿在手里看了半晌，目中露出沉思。
Having learned this, Bai Xiaochun immediately trotted back to his courtyard residence and dug up the three-colored tail feathers out of the spirit soil. Then he sat there, studying them thoughtfully.

“难怪这灵尾鸡，会被大量饲养了。”
“No wonder they raise so many spirit tail chickens here.”

白小纯赶紧将三色羽毛放在了储物袋内，此物对别人来说，只是单纯的三色火燃料，可对他而言，代表的却是炼灵三次。
He immediately stored the three-colored feathers in his bag of holding. To others, such feathers were nothing more than kindling for three-colored flames. To him, though, they were fuel to perform threefold spirit enhancements.

没有立刻去用，他打算有了灵药后，再去炼灵，使得灵药效果更强。
He didn’t attempt to do so immediately, though. His plan was to get some spirit medicine first, then perform a spirit enhancement to make the medicine more pow erful.

数日后，消停了几天的白小纯，又开始饿了，在这一天深夜，他放下草木第二篇的玉简，再次摸黑溜出，回来时，储物袋内已有了两只灵尾鸡。
After resting for a few days, Bai Xiaochun started getting hungry again one night. He put down the second volume of plants and vegetation and headed out into the darkness of night. When he returned, he had two more spirit tail chickens in his bag of holding.

就这样，时间慢慢流逝，转眼过去了一个月，这一个月来，整个香云山内，渐渐开始传出灵尾鸡丢失的事情。
And that was how time passed by. Soon, a month had gone by, during which time, news about the missing spirit tail chickens began to spread on Fragrant Cloud Peak.

甚至李青候都知晓了此事，毕竟这一个月，三处饲养灵尾鸡的地方，丢失的灵尾鸡已达到了数十只多，可也没有太过在意，又因有事要外出，也就没有理会。
Even Li Qinghou heard about the matter. After all, in only a month of time, a few dozen chickens had gone missing from the three spirit tail chicken farms. However, Li Qinghou didn't pay much attention to the matter, as he had important affairs to handle which ended up taking him off of the mountain.

而最郁闷的，则是负责饲养灵尾鸡的那些外门弟子，这七八人不是心疼鸡，毕竟不是自己的，且掌座也没说什么，他们是觉得没有面子，居然有人敢在自己面前偷鸡，对于那偷鸡者，已经咬牙切齿了。
Most depressed of all were the seven or eight Outer Sect disciples in charge of raising the spirit tail chickens. It wasn’t that they cared a lot for the chickens themselves, but rather, that the chickens weren’t really theirs to begin with. Although the peak lord didn't say anything, they felt the matter to be a big loss of face. After all, whoever was stealing the chickens was doing it right under their noses.

可却没有任何办法，无论他们怎么去守护，鸡还是不断地丢，尤其是让他们费解的，是每一次丢失都是无声无息，根本就没有丝毫声音传出，仿佛这鸡是凭空就没了。
However, there was nothing they could do about it. No matter what they did to try to protect the chickens, the chickens kept going missing. What was most puzzling of all was that the chickens went missing without a trace. Not even a sound could be heard, as if they had vanished into thin air.

而白小纯这边，这一个月身体已经完全恢复如常，甚至还略胖了一圈，任凭不死长生功如何的吸收，他都有大把的鸡肉去补充，小脸红扑扑的，又恢复到了每天美滋滋的日子中。
By now, Bai Xiaochun’s body was now completely back to normal, and in fact, he had even gained a bit of weight. However much the Undying Live Forever Technique sucked away from him, he would replenish it with chicken meat. His face had a healthy flush, and he was once again living a comfortable life.


He was in a wonderful mood, and his belly was full.

心情好了，肚子不饿了，他研究草木第二篇的速度也提高了不少，终于在这一天，将这草木第二篇完完整整的研究透彻，尤其是有了上一次的经验之后，这一次他更加的面面俱到，不但是叶茎、根脉，绒毛都烂熟于胸，更是有把握，哪怕分裂成为数十份，也能一眼认出。
As a result, his research into the second volume of plants and vegetation picked up speed. Eventually, the day arrived when he was finished studying. Based on what had happened last time, he had studied everything in even more minute detail, including the leaves, stems, roots, veins, and even the tiny hairs on the surface of the plants. He was now more confident than ever, and was sure that even if the plants were split into doz ens of parts, he would still be able to identify them.

这才昂首挺胸，大步流星的走出院子。
Chest puffed out proudly, he strode out of his courtyard residence.

“这一次，我要让所有人知道，我就是骑在周心琪上面的龟爷！”
"This time, I'm going to make sure everybody knows that I am the Lord Turtle who passed up Zhou Xinqi!”

白小纯带着期待，直奔万药阁。
Filled with anticipation, he headed straight for the 10,000 M edicines Pavilion.

第二十一章 小纯哥哥
0020 chapter-21

万药阁是香云上最热闹的地方之一，几乎每天都有众多的外门弟子进进出出，一方面是那十座石碑的缘故，另一方面则是十座石碑中间的万药阁，本身就是可以用贡献点换取草药以及丹方之处。
10,000 Medicines Pavilion was one of the most lively locations on Fragrant Cloud Peak. Virtually every day, crowds of Outer Sect disciples came and went. One reason was because of the ten stone steles, and the other reason was because of the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion itself, which was located in the middle of all those stone steles.


That was where you could exchange merit points for medicinal plants and pill formulas.

甚至此地还定期举行晋升药徒的考核，并回收弟子炼出的丹药，种种原因，也就使得此地每天都会人声鼎沸。
Every so often there were also tests for promotion to journeyman apothecary, or occasions when the medicinal pills concocted by various disciples were bought back by the sect. For a variety of reasons, the area was almost always a boiling cauldron of voices.

久而久之的，因此地的热闹，也就附带着成为了一处宗门的消息交流之地，开始时是大家交流草木经验，之后慢慢的一些宗门内的大事小情，又或者是一些八卦的事情，也都会在这里传出。
Because of the lively nature of the place, it had eventually become a place to talk about the latest news. Although it had started as an exchange of information about plants and vegetation, eventually, everything in the sect came to be talked about. Big things, small things, even random gossip was all passed among the various disciples.

白小纯到来时，这万药阁四周有众多外门弟子，要么进进出出，要么三五成群低声讨论，四周的石碑下，还有很多弟子正排队等待挑战石碑的排名。
When Bai Xiaochun arrived, the place was packed. Some people were coming and going, but about thirty to fifty percent of the disciples were standing around talking. There were also disciples lined up to challenge the stone steles and earn a place on the name lists.

从人群内挤了半天，白小纯这才靠近了第二座石碑，正想过去时，他面前有三个外门弟子，正在彼此谈论，似乎提到了自己。
Bai Xiaochun squeezed through the crowds for a while before finally nearing the second stone stele. Just when he was about to walk up to the stele itself, he happened to overhear three Outer Sect disciples up ahead talking about him.

“你们听说了么，最近咱们宗门，出了一件怪事，有人专门偷李掌座的灵尾鸡，据说已经丢了上百只了。”
“Did you guys hear? Something really weird has been going on in the sect recently. Someone has been specifically stealing Peak Lord Li’s spirit tail chickens! Suppos edly, over a hundred have already gone missing.”


“What do you mean a hundred?


I heard that it won't be long before Peak Lord

“何止上百只，我听说李掌座的鸡都快被偷空了，那偷鸡贼已经被那些饲养灵尾鸡的弟子联手通缉，放下狠话，要将此人大卸八块喂鸡！”
Li doesn’t have any chickens left at all. The disciples in charge of the Spirit Tail Chicken farm have put him on the most wanted list. They even said that when they catch him, they’re going to chop him up and feed him to the chickens!”

“也怪了，咱们香云山怎么最近总是出奇葩，先是出了个神秘的乌龟，又来了这个偷鸡大盗！”
“Definitely weird. Why are all these prodigies showing up in Fragrant Cloud Peak all of a sudden? First there was the mysterious turtle, and now this mighty chicken bandit!”

白小纯下意识的缩了下脖子，很是心虚，觉得不就是偷了一些鸡么，居然闹出这么大的动静，看这形式，似乎是满门皆知的样子。
Bai Xiaochun subconsciously hunched his shoulders guiltily. After all, he'd done nothing more than steal a few chickens, right? Who would have known that it would cause such a stir? From the look of it, almost everybody knew.

而且此刻听到灵尾鸡居然是李青候的，他就更害怕了。
Furthermore, when he realized that the spirit tail chickens actually belonged to Li Qinghou, he got even more scared.

“我没偷那么多啊。”
“Gee, I didn't steal THAT many,” he thought.

白小纯觉得自己被诬陷了，正琢磨如何去改变大家对这偷鸡大盗的印象时，突然的，他听到了身后传来吵闹声。
He almost felt like he was being framed. Just as he was trying to think of a way to change public opinion about the matter of the mighty chicken bandit, he heard the sound of a commotion from behind him.

“小丫头，挤什么挤，赶着去投胎啊！”
“Hey girly, what’s with the shoving? Are you late to be reincarnated or something?” “So what if I'm shoving, huh?

“挤你怎么了，你了不起啊，怕挤你别来这里啊，本小姐挤你，是你的荣幸。”
There’s nothing special about you. If you’re afraid of crowds, what’d you come here for anyway? You should feel lucky to get shoved by a girl like me.”

“你 ”
“You”

白小纯觉得身后声音有些耳熟，于是回头一看，看到一个白白嫩嫩的小姑娘，挺个小胸脯，掐着小腰，一脸小高傲的正在和一个大汉对峙。
For some reason, the voice sounded familiar to Bai Xiaochun. He turned to see a fair, delicate young woman standing there, chest puffed up, hand on her hip as she arrogantly stared dow n a burly-looking fellow.

“侯小妹？”
“Hou Xiaomei?”

白小纯眨了眨眼。
Bai Xiaochun said, blinking.

这小姑娘正是侯小妹，她听到声音，一眼看到了白小纯，小脸的高傲转眼化作了惊喜。
The young woman was indeed Hou Xiaomei, and when she heard his voice, she turned over and saw him, and the arrogance on her face quickly transformed into joy.

“小纯哥哥，是你！”
“Big Bro Xiaochun, it's you!” she exclaimed, turning and hurrying in his direction.

侯小妹扭动着小腰，连忙跑来，人还没靠近，一股火辣辣的清纯气息就扑面而来。
Before she even arrived, Bai Xiaochun felt her hot, pure aura brushing past his face.

“啊，小纯妹妹。” 白小纯看着眼前这充满了活力，样子极为可爱的少女。
“Hey, chaste little sister,” he replied, looking over the vivacious and charming Hou Xiaomei.

“小纯哥哥你好坏，居然逗人家，人家叫侯小妹！” 侯小妹听到白小纯的话语，脸上居然红了一些，娇憨道。
Hou Xiaomei’s face flushed a bit in response to Bai Xiaochun’s words. “Oh, stop it, Big Bro Xiaochun!” she said sweetly. “You’re such a tease, just call me Hou Xiaomei!”

这么一来，这本就活力四射的少女，顿时更加的明媚动人，看的四周的不少外门弟子都眼前一亮，而那个大汉，则是浑身鸡皮疙瘩，觉得这小姑娘变化太大了，喜怒无常。
And just like that, the previously bristling young woman was suddenly beautiful and charming. Quite a few surrounding Outer Sect disciples’ eyes began to gleam. As for the burly man she had just been arguing with, he suddenly had goosebumps as he realized what a moody and temperamental girl she was.

“小纯哥哥，我哥哥下山没回来，我这是第一次来到这里，想要去换取草木第二篇，应该去哪里换啊？”
“Big Bro Xiaochun,” she gushed, “my big brother left the mountain and hasn't come back, and this is my first time here. Where do I go to get the second volume of plants and vegetation?”

侯小妹连忙问道，她的确是首次到来，之前都是她哥哥帮着忙叨，此刻正不知如何处理，就看到了白小纯。
This really was her first time here. Before, her older brother had helped her handle everything, and now that she was on her own, she didn't know what to do. Luckily, she ran right into Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯微笑的给侯小妹介绍了一番流程，说的非常详细，侯小妹不时点头，到了最后完全了解，看向白小纯时越发觉得眼前的小纯师兄不但人好，懂得居然这么多。
Bai Xiaochun smiled as he explained the process to her, going into minute detail. Hou Xiaomei occasionally. By the time he finished explaining, she not only felt that he was a good person, she also felt that he was also extremely knowledgeable.

介绍完后，白小纯看了侯小妹一眼，没忍住，于是右手抬起一指草木第一篇的石碑，装出云淡风轻的样子开口。
After finishing, Bai Xiaochun looked at Hou Xiaomei to ensure that she had no further questions. Then he pointed over at the first stone stele, the one which tested the first volume of plants and vegetation, and calmly said, “See that stone stele?

“看到那座石碑了吧，能在那上面留下印记的，都是整个宗门内的天骄之辈，任何一个人，未来的成就都会轰动修真界。”
All the people who leave their mark at the top of the list are like Chosen in the sect. Any one of those people are the type who will shake the whole cultivation world in the future. “I won’t go into all the names, just the second one on the list. See that magic bottle insignia?

“别人我就不说了，我给你介绍一下第二名，你看那个宝瓶的印记，那是我们香云山的天骄之女，周心琪！”
That represents one of the female Chosen here on Fragrant Cloud Peak, Zhou Xinqi!” “Zhou Xinqi!” exclaimed Hou Xiaomei, her eyes shining as she looked over at the magic bottle insignia.

“周心琪，原来这宝瓶代表的就是具备草木灵脉，被掌座收为弟子，注定会成为内门的周师姐！”
“So, that magic bottle stands for the Peak Lord’s apprentice, the one with the plants and vegetation spirit meridian, Elder Sister Zhou, who’s destined to join the Inner Sect!”

侯小妹眼睛猛地一亮，抬头望着第一座石碑上的宝瓶印记，目中露出崇拜之意，对于周心琪，她听侯云飞说起过，早就佩服的不得了，此刻一听白小纯的介绍，顿时更为振奋。
From the way Hou Xiaomei talked about Zhou Xinqi, it was obvious that she held her in immense esteem. Hearing Bai Xiaochun’s explanation about the magic bottle symbol seemed to get her even more excited.

白小纯继续摆出风轻云淡，在那里等了半晌，可发现这侯小妹居然还在望着宝瓶，丝毫没有理会骑在宝瓶上的乌龟时，心中顿时不爽了，他介绍了这么多，不就是为了引出话题，谈一下那只好看的乌龟么。
Bai Xiaochun continued to explain matters placidly for a bit longer, until he noticed that Hou Xiaomei seemed to be completely fixated on the magic bottle, and wasn’t paying attention at all to the turtle which had obviously surpassed it. He felt a bit irritated, after all, hadn’t the whole point of his explanation been to get her to notice the turtle?

“咳咳，这周心琪的确非凡，所以才会成为草木第一篇碑文的第二名！”
“Ahem, well, Zhou Xinqi is definitely amazing, that’s why she was able to get to second place on the first stone stele of plants and vegetation!”

他在第二名这三个字上，加重了一下语气去提醒侯小妹。
He made sure to especially emphasize the words ‘second place.’

侯小妹一愣，仔细一看，秀眉忽然皱起。
Hou Xiaomei gaped for a moment, then frowned.

“第二名？
“Second place?

排在周师姐上面的那只乌龟是谁啊，画的真难看。”
Who does that turtle above Elder Sister Zhou represent? It looks so ugly.”

白小纯听到这句话，更不高兴了，他觉得自己非常有必要教育一下眼前这个侯小妹，于是摆出严肃的模样，语重心长的开口。
Hearing this, Bai Xiaochun felt much happier. In his mind, he really did need to educate Hou Xiaomei a little bit more. Putting on a very solemn demeanor, he began to speak in a very earnest tone.

“那你就错了，小妹你可知道，这好看的乌龟，是我们宗门内如今最神秘，最伟大，最超然的一个弟子么。”
“You’re wrong there, Xiaomei. Did you know that the cool-looking turtle actually represents the most mysterious, admirable and transcendent disciple in the entire sect?

“此人身上有着太多的传闻，他的每一次出现，都会引起宗门的哗然，引爆所有弟子的目光，让无数人关注，让无数人羡慕，让无数人欢呼。”
“There are many legends about this person. Whenever he appears, he causes a huge uproar in the sect, and is the center of all attention. Countless disciples follow his every move, envy him and even cheer out loud for him.”

“啊？”
“Really?”

侯小妹性格单纯，此刻听到这些话，立刻愣了，将信将疑。
Hou Xiaomei was a simple and pure girl, and the things Bai Xiaochun was saying caused her to stare in skeptical shock.

“你可知道，此人两个月前横空出世，使得周心琪九碑第一的愿望破灭！”
“You should know that two months ago, this disciple made a big splash when he destroyed Zhou Xinqi’s hopes of having the first place spot on all nine stone steles!

“你可知道，此人一出现，就瞬间将这草木第一篇的第一，轻而易举的挥手拿走。”
“You should know that in his debut appearance, he took the first place spot in the first stone stele. He did it as easily as flipping over his hand.

“你可知道，周心琪亲眼目睹此事后，在这里连续七天不眠不休，一次又一次的重新挑选，可直至最终拼了所有，也依旧还是第二，甘拜下风。”
“You should know that Zhou Xinqi personally witnessed it happen. For the following seven days, she neither slept nor rested. She challenged the stone stele over and over again, but even after she did everything she could, she was still in second place, and was forced to concede defeat.

“你可知道，我白小纯 咳咳。”
“You should know that I, Bai Xiaochun ahem” Bai Xiaochun was getting very excited, and in the end, he wanted to reveal himself as the mighty Lord

白小纯越说越兴奋，到了最后险些直接说出自己就是那伟大的龟爷，连忙忍住，他的理想是在众目睽睽下说出身份，可不是在一个小丫头面前说出，这会浪费情绪的。
Turtle, but held back at the last moment. The ideal time to reveal his identity was in front of a big crowd. To do so in front of just a single young girl was too m uch of a waste.

“真的么？”
“That's all true?”

侯小妹双目内露出明亮的光芒，如同夜晚的小星星，看着那个小乌龟，一脸的崇拜，小脸红扑扑的。
Hou Xiaomei asked, eyes shining as brightly as glittering stars on a moonless night. She was now staring at the little turtle, her flushed face the picture of adoration.

“当然是真的。”
“Of course it’s true,” Bai Xiaochun replied, sighing inwardly.

白小纯心里感慨，他觉得自己做了一件好事，将一个走上歪路的孩子，成功的引导到了正道上，颇有一种成就感，此刻小袖一甩，不再理会沉浸崇拜中的侯小妹，向着第二座石碑走去。
In his mind, he had just done a very good thing, which was helping straighten the course of a child who had strayed off onto the wrong path. Feeling quite a sense of accomplishment, he swished his sleeve and ignored Hou Xiaomei’s adoration as he headed toward the second stone stele.

挤过人群，等了片刻才等到一个空木屋，白小纯大步流星的踏入，身影消失。
He elbowed his way through the crowd, then waited for a bit until he was next in line. He had to wait a while for one of the log cabins to empty up, after which he strode into the door and disappeared.

木屋如旧，白小纯坐在石碑面前，再次画下了那只乌龟后，眼前一花，耳边轰鸣时，出现在了熟悉的虚幻空间中，这一次没有那冰冷的声音出现，直接就有近乎无数的草木碎片，蓦然显露。
The log cabin looked the same inside as the last one he had been in. After drawing a turtle, his vision swam, and rumbling sounds filled his ears. When he could see again, he was once again in that familiar empty space. No cold voice spoke out this time, instead, the fragmented plants and vegetation immediately appeared in front of him.

白小纯胸有成竹，目内露出精芒，双手飞快，眨眼间一株株灵草，就瞬息完整。
Since Bai Xiaochun had been prepared for this, his eyes shone and his hands sped to work. In the blink of an eye, one spirit plant after another was pieced together.

时间流逝，当一炷香的时间结束时，摆在白小纯面前的残片，只剩下了不到五千，这成绩比他草木第一篇时，好了不少。
Time passed. When the time was up, he could tell that he had completely surpassed the record he initially set when he had first been tested for the time it takes an incense stick to burn.

可惜时间到了，白小纯眼前一花，再次清晰时已回到了木屋内，尽管如此，可他信心十足，拿起换来的草木第三篇，心中跳动着强烈的期待，转身直接推开木屋大门。
Unfortunately, time was up. Bai Xiaochun’s vision swam, and when he could see clearly, he was back in the log cabin. Despite having come up slightly short, he was still completely confident in the results. Quickly snatching up the third volume of plants and vegetation, he turned and walked out of the door of the log cabin, heart pounding in anticipation.

看着外面的无数外门弟子，此刻还没有多少人注意到名次的变化，白小纯心中升起豪气。
Outside, he could see countless Outer Sect disciples, many of whom were looking up at the name list. Bai Xiaochun’s currently felt very heroic.

“这一次我要震撼全宗，让大家都知道，我白小纯就是伟大的龟爷！”
“This time I'm going to shake the entire sect! I'm going to make sure that everyone knows Bai Xiaochun is the famous Lord Turtle!”

白小纯甚至在脑海里都浮现出了自己被万人崇拜，甚至侯小妹吃惊的画面。
He could envision what it would be like to the object of adoration of tens of thousands of disciples, and could already see the look of shock on Hou Xiaomei’s face.

一想到这里，白小纯都忍不住笑出声来，于是他傲然的抬起右手，正想大吼一声，主动提醒大家自己就是那伟大的龟爷
When he thought about that, Bai Xiaochun couldn't hold back from laughing loudly. Then he lifted his hand grandly, and was just about to shout out at the top of his lungs that he was the mighty Lord Turtle, when

可就在这时，忽然他身边正在排队试炼的外门弟子里，传出声音。
All of a sudden, a voice rang out from among the Outer Sect disciples lined up for the trial by fire.

“你们说那抢了周师姐风头的小乌龟，还敢出现么？”
“Do you think the little turtle who stole Elder Sister Zhou’s limelight will dare to make an appearance?”

“应该不敢了吧，周师姐的那些倾慕者，一个个都疯了，据说正在整个南岸寻找那只小乌龟，而且放下言论，一旦找到，要将其活活的刮了 ”
“I doubt it. Elder Sister Zhou’s fans are crazy. I heard that they’ve been searching the entire south bank for the little turtle. They even spread word that as soon as they find him, they’ll skin him alive”

“我也听说了，甚至还有内门弟子参与进来。”
“I heard that too. There are even some Inner Sect disciples who've joined in on the search.”

白小纯右手刚刚抬起，听到这些议论后，他顿时心惊肉跳，尤其听到内门弟子都参与寻找自己时，额头冒出一层冷汗，右手赶紧挠了挠脑袋，佯装若无其事的样子，飞快的放下。
Bai Xiaochun’s hand hung in the air as he listened to what the people were saying. Suddenly, his heart began to tremble. When he heard that there were Inner Sect disciples looking for him too, his forehead began to drip with sweat, and he quickly scratched his head, and then dropped his hand as if nothing at all had happened.

心中愤愤，露出愁眉苦脸的模样，哀伤叹气的样子，钻入人群里。
Enraged, he wormed his way through the crowd, an anxious, bereaved expression on his face. “This is ridiculous.

“太过分了，太欺负人了，我不就是拿个第一么，内门弟子都出动了，至于么。”
They’re pushing things too far. All I did was take first place, right? And now the Inner Sect disciples are involved? Was it worth it?”

这一次，他的神情是真的，一点都没装。
This time, his expression was real, and not the least bit pretend.

刚刚走入人群，已有人发现了第二处石碑的变化，很快的，阵阵无法置信的哗然之声，轰天而起。
Almost as soon as he worked his way into the crowd, someone noticed that the name list on the second stone stele had changed, and immediately, a huge uproar ensued.

第二十二章 师姐放心！
0021 chapter-22

“你们看第二个石碑，小乌龟 再现！”
“Look at the second stone stele! That little turtle it's showed up again!”

“又是第一，这小乌龟到底是谁，已经连续两碑第一了！”
“It's in first place again! Just who is this little turtle? Whoever it is has taken two first place spots in a row!”

“周师姐不保八碑第一，成了七碑第一！”
“Now Elder Sister Zhou doesn’t have eight first place spots, she only has seven!”

四周的外门弟子，顿时哗然，无数的惊呼立刻传出，尤其是在人群内，还有一个少女的声音很具备穿透力，正在欢呼。
The Outer Sect disciples were in a complete uproar, and countless cries of alarm could be heard ringing about. However, there was one voice in the crowd, a girl, who was crying out excitedly.

“小乌龟加油！”
“Go, little turtle, go!”

这少女正是侯小妹，她之前被白小纯引导的，已经开始崇拜小乌龟，此刻突然看到小乌龟居然成为了第二碑的第一，那种崇拜的感觉立刻暴增，已经在其心中抬升到了超越周心琪的地位上。
That young woman was none other than Hou Xiaomei. Thanks to Bai Xiaochun’s earlier prodding, she was now a huge fan of the little turtle. Now that she suddenly saw the little turtle take two first place spots, her sense of adoration increased rapidly. In fact, the little turtle had now surpassed Zhou Xinqi’s place in her heart.

阵阵哗然的声音，一浪掀起一浪，到了最后，此地所有人，都传出阵阵惊呼，毕竟这小乌龟实在太有名气了，此刻更是用行动来告诉了所有人，他有继续挑战周心琪的资格。
The sound of commotion rolled in waves, until everyone was shouting out. After all, the little turtle really was very famous, and now it had once again proven by its actions that whoever it represented was qualified to challenge Zhou Xinqi.

甚至已经有人开始期待，是否在不久之后，这小乌龟在十座石碑上，将完全超越周心琪。
In fact, there were even some people who were starting to anticipate the scene of the little turtle surpassing Zhou Xinqi in all ten stone steles.

白小纯在人群里，之前的郁闷虽然还在，可那种暗自得意的感觉，同样升起，只是有些遗憾别人不知道自己的身份。
Bai Xiaochun was there in the crowd, still a bit depressed, but also secretly felt pleased with himself. He was only a bit regretful that nobody knew who he was.

“哼，总有一天，我会在一个更加万众瞩目的地方，让所有人知道我就是龟爷！”
“Hmph. One of these days, I'm going to reveal that I'm Lord Turtle in front of an even bigger crowd!” he promised himself.

白小纯心底发下誓言。 发下誓言后，他还是不甘心，于是也参与到了众人的惊呼中，不时的可以听到他尖细的声音，引领四周众人的哗然。
Despite his oath, he wasn't ready to give up just yet. He next began to participate in all the shouting. Occasionally, a piercing voice would ring out, drawing the crowd into further commotion.

“天啊，他是谁，我都开始崇拜他了！”
“Heavens! Who could it be? I love this guy!”

“万人偶像，龟爷无敌！”
“The idol of the masses! Lord Turtle is invincible!”

在白小纯卖力的尖声大吼下，渐渐四周外门弟子的议论越发强烈起来，眼看一再次掀起，可就在这时，一声冷哼传出，随之一道身影从人群内蓦然跃起，站在了一处木屋上。
Thanks to Bai Xiaochun’s piercing cries, the Outer Sect disciples’ discussions grew even more feverish. However, it was in that instant that a cold snort rang out, and a figure leapt out of the crowd to stand atop one of the log cabins. It was a young man with a cold, grim expression on his face.

“不要让我知道这该死的小乌龟是谁，否则的话，我一定让你后悔来抢周师妹的风头！” 说话之人是个青年，一脸阴冷，声音带着冰寒回荡四周。
His icy voice rang out across the crowd as he said, “I better not find out who that damned little turtle is. If I do, he’ll regret ever having stolen the limelight from Junior Sister Zhou!”

“没错，你这小乌龟，现在应该就藏在人群内，我会找到你的！”
“Same here! The little turtle is probably hiding in the crowd right now. I'm gonna find him!”

另一个声音传来，又是一个青年，飞到了木屋上，冷眼看着众人，尤其是白小纯这里，之前声音尖细很明显，这青年看向白小纯时，虽不认为白小纯就是小乌龟，可也依旧不善。
The second voice belonged to that of another young man, who also flew up to the roof of the log cabin and looked around coldly at the crowd. Apparently he had his eye on Bai Xiaochun, not because he thought that he was the little turtle, but because Bai Xiaochun’s shouting earlier had been quite blatant, and irritated the young man.

很快的，这样的身影不断地出现，竟出现了七八个之多，且每一个都散发出强悍的修为之力，尤其是里面最强的一个，居然是凝气七层的样子。
Soon, more people began to say similar things, seven or eight of them. Furthermore, when they unleashed the incredible power of their cultivation bases, it was obvious that the strongest among their number was in the seventh level of Qi Condensation.

这些人，正是周心琪的倾慕者中的佼佼者，他们的出现，让四周的众人立刻不在议论，慢慢安静下来，只是心中大都不舒服，看向这几个人时，也都越看越厌恶。
These people were obviously fans of Zhou Xinqi, and famous ones at that. Their appearance on the scene caused the crowd to immediately quiet down and stop discussing the matter. However, inwardly, most people were irritated at what was happening, and loathed the young men more than ever.

众人虽拥护周心琪，可也仅仅是周心琪一个人而已，况且人人心中有数，这种凭着自己真本事挑战周心琪的事情，大家心里实际上是很佩服的。
Although everyone liked Zhou Xinqi, she was only a single person. The disciples present weren't stupid, and actually admired someone who could challenge Zhou Xinqi based on individual merit.

白小纯被对方这么一瞪，虽然心虚，可四周这么多人，他断定对方不敢犯众怒，于是也抬头瞪着对方，大有一副你敢来打我，我就和你拼了的样子。
When Bai Xiaochun found himself the subject of the young man’s glare, he didn't feel very confident. However, after considering that there were so many bystanders who the young man didn’t dare to offend, Bai Xiaochun glared back with a look that said, “If you dare to do something to me, I’ll fight back to the death.”

就在此地气氛渐渐僵持时，远处一道长虹急速而来，长虹内蓝绫上有一道妙曼的身影，正是周心琪。
At this point in the standoff, a beam of light shot through the air in the direction of the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion, within which a graceful figure could be seen. It was none other than Zhou Xinqi.

“是周师姐。”
“It's Elder Sister Zhou.”

“周师姐来了。”
“Elder Sister Zhou is coming.”

此地的僵持立刻打破，那些外门弟子在看到周心琪后，顿时露出笑容。
The standoff ended. As soon as the Outer Sect disciples caught sight of Zhou Xinqi, smiles broke out on their faces.

而那七八个倾慕的青年，也都身上修为一收，一个个都露出自认为最潇洒的一面，向着周心琪抱拳。
The seven or eight young men who were her fans quickly retracted their cultivation bases. Looking completely confident and at ease, they clasped hands to Zhou Xinqi.

周心琪此番到来，一是因听说了第二座石碑的排名，二是还有其他的事情，此刻临近后，一眼就看到了这里方才的僵持，妙目一扫，就猜到了缘由，看向那七八个倾慕者时，目中露出不悦以及厌恶。
Zhou Xinqi had come because first, she had already heard about the change to the ranking list on the second stone stele, and second, she had another matter to attend to. After glancing around, she easily guessed what had caused the standoff. She looked over at the eight fans, her eyes flickering with displeasure and even disgust.

“我周心琪的事，还轮不到别人来出头，况且我香云山出现了一个天骄弟子，这对宗门而言是幸事，你等若再有下次，休怪师妹翻脸。”
“The affairs of Zhou Xinqi have not reached the level where others need to interfere,” she said coldly. “Besides, if a new Chosen disciple has appeared on Fragrant Cloud Peak, that’s something fortunate for the sect as a whole. If you people let something like this happen again, then don’t blame your Junior

周心琪冰冷开口，声音如利剑，让那七八个倾慕者面色一变，纷纷悻悻，可却不敢在说些什么。
Sister for losing her temper.” Her voice cut with the sharpness of a sword, and the eight fans looked angry. However, they didn't dare to say a word.

“草木第一、二篇石碑，将我超越的这位师弟，你或许在人群内，既然不愿现身，那么就随你好了。” 周心琪抬头看了眼第二座石碑上的小乌龟，压下心底的不甘之意，目光扫过众人，淡淡开口时，一股傲气也在言辞里隐隐透出。
Zhou Xinqi looked up at the little turtle on the second stone stele, and her heart filled with an unyielding spirit. She looked out over the crowd and said in a cool, arrogant voice, “Whichever Junior Brother it was who happened to surpass me on the stones steles for the first and second volumes of plants and vegetation, if you’re still scuttling around in the crowd and don’t feel like showing your true face, then so be it. Do as you wish.”

四周的外门弟子听到这番话，越发为周心琪欢呼起来，大都觉得，这才是他们所拥护的香云山的天骄周心琪。
The surrounding Outer Sect disciple cheered in response. For most of them, Zhou Xinqi was the true Chosen of Fragrant Cloud Peak. Bai Xiaochun stood there in the crowd, musing that Zhou Xingqi definitely deserved to be Chosen.


Her words just now had been marvelously spoken.

白小纯在人群内，暗道对方不愧是天骄，这番话说的很漂亮，他眼珠转了转，自然听出了对方的傲气，感慨不是自己不愿现身，而是对方身边的那些倾慕者一个个目中都带着杀气了。
He looked up for a moment in thought. He could clearly hear the haughtiness in her words, and what caused him to sigh the most was not that he didn't want to reveal himself. No, it was the killing intent flickering in the eyes of her adoring fans. Zhou Xinqi’s expression was calm as she coolly addressed the crowd as a whole.

“我今日来此，还有一事，希望诸位同门可以相助。”
“Ladies and gentlemen, I came here for another reason today, and I hope I can have the support of each and every one of you.”

周心琪神色平静，望着众人，淡淡开口。 她话语一出，四周众人立刻来了兴致，一个个露出认真聆听之色。
Her words instantly got everyone excited, and everyone waited respectfully to see what she had to say next. “The tranquility of Fragrant Cloud Peak has been disturbed of late.

“这段日子香云山上不得安宁，家师李青候的灵尾鸡大量丢失，他老人家外出未归，或许不会在乎此事，但我身为弟子，却一定要负责。
My Master, Li Qinghou, has had quite a few spirit tail chickens go missing. He is currently out of the sect, and most likely doesn’t care too much about the matter. However, as his apprentice, I have a responsibility to do something about it.

希望各位同门一起努力，帮我抓住这偷鸡盗贼，若有人能抓到此贼，我愿送出一枚宝器玉佩！”
I sincerely hope that all my fellow disciples will work hard to catch this chicken thief. If anyone manages to apprehend him, I will personally reward that person with a treasured jade pendant!”

周心琪说着，从怀中取出一枚青色的玉佩，这玉佩散出柔光，看起来很是不俗。
Even as she spoke, Zhou Xinqi pulled out a green jade pendant from inside her robe. It let off a gentle glow that made it obvi ous it was an extraordinary item.

“此物具备一定的防护之力，是我早年偶然得到。”
“This is an item I came across some years ago that contains potent defensive power.”

周心琪的声音回荡，此地外门弟子一个个立刻看向玉佩，很快的，几乎所有人都露出感兴趣的神色，纷纷开口保证。
As her voice echoed out, the numerous Outer Sect disciples looked at the jade pendant, and excited expressions could be seen on many of their faces. Some even began to call out various promises.

“周师姐放心，定叫那偷鸡贼无处可藏！”
“Don’t worry, Elder Sister Zhou. That chicken thief won't have a place to hide!

“掌座的鸡都敢偷，这偷鸡贼胆大包天，此事我等一定多加留意！”
“How dare he steal the peak lord’s chickens! This chicken thief is daring to the extreme. We’ll definitely be paying close attention to the matter!”

阵阵声音传出，很快众人大都保证，尤其是对周心琪倾慕者，更是一个个目光如火，声音激昂的回荡。
Soon, almost everyone in the crowd had cried out assurances that they would help, especially Zhou Xinqi’s fans, whose eyes burned passionately as they cried out louder than everyone else.

白小纯在人群内有些傻眼了，看着四周这些人跟打了鸡血似的，他觉得背后凉飕飕的。
Bai Xiaochun stood in the middle of the crowd, somewhat stunned. The surrounding disciples were getting worked up into a frenzy, and he felt like a cold wind was blowing dow n his spine.

可他不甘心啊，修行不死长生功的那种饥饿感，让白小纯想起来都难受，此刻额头冒汗，脑筋快速转动，很快就双眼一亮，猛地一拍胸口，声音在人群内带着穿透力回荡开来。
However, he still wasn’t willing to give up. Even just thinking about the hunger caused from cultivating the Undying Live Forever Technique caused sweat to bead up on his forehead. His mind raced as he tried to come up with ideas, and a moment later, his eyes lit up. Suddenly, he slapped his chest and projected his voice through the crowd.

“周师姐，我白小纯无论上刀山下油锅，一定完成师姐的任务，抓住那个偷鸡贼！”
“Elder Sister Zhou, I, Bai Xiaochun, will definitely accomplish this mission, even if I have to climb a mountain of blades or swim to the bottom of a vat of boiling oil. I will catch this chicken thief!”

他声音尖细，格外明显，甚至还冲出了人群，站在了最前方。
His piercing voice couldn't be missed, and as he spoke, he shouldered his way forward to stand at the front of the crowd.

他这么一冲出，立刻就被众人目光凝聚，尤其是他用力拍着胸口，传出砰砰之声，那模样就连周心琪的一些倾慕者都自叹不如，周心琪也都不由的看了他一眼。
The way he made his entrance caused numerous eyes to fall upon him, as did the way he loudly slapped his own chest. Even Zhou Xinqi’s fans felt a bit overwhelmed, and Zhou Xinqi herself couldn’t help but look over at him.

眼看同宗弟子这般拥护自己，周心琪脸上露出笑容，微微点头，正要离去时，又听到了之前那个尖细的声音压过其他人的话语传出。
Seeing how much her fellow disciples supported her caused a smile to break out on Zhou Xinqi’s face. She slightly, and was just turning to leave when all of a sudden, Bai Xiaochun’s piercing voice once again weighed down onto the crowd.

“周师姐，我有一个提议，我们何不组成一个抓贼小队，这样齐心协力，定能让那恶贼下不得手，保护我掌座的灵尾鸡！”
“Elder Sister Zhou, I have a suggestion. Why don’t we form a chicken thief task force? If we work together, it will make it much easier to catch this vile traitor, and protect the peak lord’s spirit tail chickens!”

白小纯一脸正气，大有一副为了周师姐的任务，不惜代价的气势。
From the righteous tone of Bai Xiaochun’s voice, it seemed that he was willing to spare no effort to accomplish the mission set forth by Elder Sister Zhou.

周心琪一怔，四周人听到后，不少人觉得这主意不错，纷纷赞同。
Zhou Xinqi stared in shock. As for the rest of the crowd, quite a few of them thought it was a good i dea and began to voi ce their approval. “Good idea,” someone said.

“也好，不过我等修行才是主要，此事自愿吧。”
“However, cultivation is still our main priority, so the matter must be voluntary.”

周心琪点了点头，又看了白小纯一眼，觉得这位师弟虽然面生，可却白白净净，一看就是很乖巧的模样，尤其是拥护自己时，似乎颇为虔诚，她印象很好，还向白小纯微微一笑。
Zhou Xinqi looked over at Bai Xiaochun once more. In her opinion, this Junior Brother of hers was not only fair and pure, he seemed inherently charming. Furthermore, he appeared to be piously devoted to her, which left her with a very favorable impression. Nodding, she gave him a smile.

“这个建议，既然是这位热心的师弟提出，那么你就来组建这个抓贼小队吧，我这里有十条绸带，就作为小队的信物标记。”
“Since the idea was put forth by this zealous Junior Brother, I suggest that he form the chicken thief task force. Take these ten silk bands to use as tokens of identification for the task force members.”

她说着，从储物袋内取出了十条蓝色的绸带，轻轻一挥，这十条绸带飞向白小纯，落在了他的手中。
With that, she produced ten bands of blue silk from within her bag of holding. With the wave of a hand, she sent them flying toward Bai Xiaochun, where they landed in his hand.

“师姐放心，一切有我！”
“Don’t worry, Elder Sister, I’ll handle everything!”

拿着绸带，白小纯昂首挺胸，一副为了掌座的灵尾鸡，当仁不让，可以肝脑涂地般的模样。
He stood there with silk bands in hand, looking prouder than ever. In fact, he looked like he would yield to no one when it came to the Peak Lord’s chickens, and would even be willing to sacrifice his life for the cause.

周心琪双眸内露出一缕赞赏，心中暗想宗门内这么责任心的小师弟，不多了，记住了白小纯乖巧的样子，这才转身离去。
Zhou Xinqi’s eyes glowed with admiration, and she couldn’t help but muse that there were very few responsible Junior Brothers like this in the sect. Taking one last look at Bai Xiaochun’s charming appearance, she turned and left.

眼看周心琪似对白小纯另眼相看，那些周心琪的倾慕者，纷纷不甘心，暗自懊悔这个讨好周心琪的主意，怎么自己没想到。
Zhou Xinqi's fans were not happy to suddenly see her and Bai Xiaochun on good terms. Furthermore, they also regretted not winning her favor in such a fawning way themselves.

周心琪走后，饲养灵位鸡的那些弟子赶紧走出，感谢众人，尤其是对白小纯这里更是感谢，白小纯挺着胸脯，痛斥偷鸡贼，到了最后，那些养鸡的弟子一个个都感动起来，在白小纯的指点下，抓贼小队，终于由一个个修为都没他高的弟子组成了。
After Zhou Xinqi left, the disciples from the spirit fowl farm also left, thanking the crowd profusely in the process. They especially expressed thanks to Bai Xiaochun, who stood there, chest puffed up as he cursed the chicken thief. Then, he organized the chicken thief task force, filling it with other disciples whose cultivation bases did not exceed his.

片刻后，白小纯走在回去的路上，擦了擦额头的冷汗，长吁一口气。
Finally, Bai Xiaochun hurried away, wiping the sweat from his brow. Sighing, he thought,

“刚才太危险了，差一点就绝了我日后的吃食，好在我白小纯聪明伶俐，哼哼。”
“That was a close one. I almost lost access to my food source. It’s a good thing you're so clever and quick-witted, Bai Xiaochun. Heh heh.”

白小纯想到这里，又得意了，哼着小曲回到了他居住的院子，看了眼灵田里的灵冬竹，这些竹子如今的涨势极为恐怖，都长到了近乎一丈的高度，足有小腿粗细，看起来颇为惊人。
Having reached this point in his train of thought, Bai Xiaochun felt very pleased with himself. Humming a little tune, he headed once again in the direction of his courtyard residence. Back in the courtyard, the spiritwinter bamboo in the spirit field was growing frighteningly high. It was now three meters high, thicker than his calf, and shocking in appearance.

当天夜里，乌云密布，四下漆黑，白小纯从打坐中睁开眼，舔了舔嘴唇。
That night, when dark clouds filled the sky and everything was pitch black, Bai Xiaochun sat there with his eyes wide open, licking his lips.

“月黑天高，我好像又饿了 ”。
“The night is dark, and I'm feeling hungry yet again”

第二十三章 偷鸡狂魔
0022 chapter-23

深夜，香云山笼罩在漆黑中，伸手不见五指，只有风声呜咽，吹过山岗，四下安静，仿佛就连鸟兽也都没有声响传出。
It was late at night, and Fragrant Cloud Peak was blanketed in darkness. If you held your hand out in front of you, you wouldn’t even be able to see your fingers. Other than the whispering wind, everything was peaceful and quiet. Not even a peep could be heard coming from the birds and beasts.

在这漆黑的夜里，白小纯取出周心琪给的绸带，绑在了手臂上，急速前行，顺着小路直奔饲养灵尾鸡的区域，这身影速度之快，不多时就穿梭草丛，到了近前。
Bai Xiaochun hurried through the darkness, Zhou Xinqi’s silk band tied around his arm, following the path that led to one of the spirit tail chicken farms. As he sped along, he would occasionally duck into a nearby thicket and proceed along in concealment.

遥遥的可以看到灵尾鸡的院子里，那些灵尾鸡大都在休息，时而有几只还在四下溜达，尤其是有一只灵尾鸡，正向这里走来。
Soon, the spirit tail chicken farm came into view up ahead. Most of the chickens were asleep, although a few were walking about to and fro. There was even one chicken in particular which was strolling in Bai Xiaochun’s direction.

白小纯蹲在草丛中，舔着嘴唇，等了片刻后，待那只灵尾鸡临近后，慢慢靠近栅栏，正要取出竹知了，可突然心神一动，目中露出警惕。
He crouched there in the thicket, licking his lips until the spirit tail chicken neared the fence. Just as he was pulling out his bamboo cicada, his heart flip- floppe d, and a look of vigilance filled his eyes.

与此同时，一声低吼从他身后不远处蓦然传来，一道道身影瞬间冲出，更是有几颗在这夜晚里耀眼的火球，被人施展出来，照耀四方。
At the same time, shouting could be heard from behind him as numerous figures charged toward him through the night. They even had flame globes which cast radiant light out into the night.

“该死的偷鸡贼，你终于出现了！”
“Damned chicken thief! Finally you show your face!”

“我等在这里等候多日，布下天罗地网，看你如何逃！”
“We’ve been waiting for you here for days! Now we’ve got you surrounded, let’s see how you try to escape!”

吼声回荡，七八道身影刹那间就冲向白小纯，将其包围起来。
As the cries echoed out, eight figures closed in on Bai Xiaochun, completely surrounding him.

这七八人正是养鸡的弟子，他们苦等数日，没成想在今天，居然有如此收获，一个个都心底攒足了劲，大有要将这偷鸡贼就地正法之意。
These were the disciples in charge of taking care of the chickens. Even after days of painstakingly laying in wait, they had never imagined that today would be the day when everything paid off. Their hearts were filled with righteous ardor as they prepared to immediately execute justice upon the chicken thief.

可就在他们的话语说出，身影临近的瞬息，白小纯先是一惊，而后眼珠转动，突然冷哼一声。
When their words rang out, Bai Xiaochun was initially very nervous. But then he looked up in thought for a moment and let out a cold snort.

“闭嘴，你们小点声！”
“Shut up, you people!” he said. “Keep it down!”

他毫不客气，义正言辞的开口，没有任何闪躲，大摇大摆的站起身，特意露出手臂上的绸带。 这突如其来的一幕，使得冲来的七八人，全部一愣。
His words were spoken without the slightest politeness, as if justice were on his side. He did nothing to attempt to flee, but instead, arrogantly rose to his feet, making sure that the silk band on his arm was clearly visible.

“你们看清了，我是抓贼小队的队长。”
“See that?” he asked. “I'm the captain of the chicken thief task force.”

白小纯皱起眉头，看着面前这七八人，脸上露出不满。
Brow furrowed, he looked around at the eight disciples, clearly displeased. This sudden development caused the eight interlopers to stare in shock.

这七八个弟子有人白天看到过白小纯，此刻仔细一打量，顿时迟疑起来。
Some of these disciples had seen Bai Xiaochun earlier in the day. After examining him a bit closer, they started to hesitate. One of the disciples seemed a bit skeptical about the situation.

“是白师弟 这么晚了，你来这里干什么？”
“Oh, it’s Junior Brother Bai. Well what are you doing here so late at night, huh?”

这七八人里有一个弟子目中露出怀疑，盯着白小纯开口问道，这么一问，其他几人也都以怀疑的目光看向白小纯。
His words caused the other disciples to stare suspiciously at Bai Xiaochun. Flicking his sleeve and frowning, Bai Xiaochun angrily said, “Elder Sister

“周师姐既然让我成为这抓贼小队的队长，白某必定竭尽全力来抓住那偷鸡贼，故而深夜放弃修行，来这里守护，可被你们这么一吼，估计真有偷鸡贼，也都被吓跑了。”
Zhou herself asked me to be the captain of the chicken thief task force, so of course I’ll do everything in my power to catch the chicken thief. I've even given up my nightly cultivation routine to come here and lay in wait. However, considering how much of a racket you people are making, I’m sure the chicken thief has long since fled.”

白小纯皱起眉头，一副为了抓贼鞠躬尽瘁的模样，小袖一甩，不悦的说道。
He really did look like the picture of someone trying to catch a thief.

这些养鸡的弟子一个个面面相觑，不少人脸上露出尴尬的表情，方才最早怀疑白小纯的那位弟子，目中疑色也少了大半，可似乎还是将信将疑。
The chicken farm disciples exchanged dismayed glances, and some of them even looked a bit embarrassed. As for the most suspicious of the disciples, his expression softened a bit, although he still didn't seem totally convinced.

眼看对方还没彻底打消疑惑，白小纯冷哼一声，没等对方再次发问，他就先声夺人，一副恨铁不成钢的样子。
Seeing that their suspicions hadn’t been completely dispelled, Bai Xiaochun gave a cold harrumph and, before anyone could ask any more questions, he decided to seize the initiative and put the onus on them.

“难怪你们的灵尾鸡总是丢失，你们太疏忽大意了，你等看这里，这砸烂都损坏了！”
“No wonder you people have lost so many spirit tail chickens! You’re completely negligent. Look over there, your fence is even broken!”

白小纯一指身后的栅栏，那里的确有一些破损，不过这破损不明显，是他上一次偷鸡时，那灵尾鸡挣扎中损坏。
He pointed over to a spot where there really was a hole in the fence, although it wasn’t very obvious. It had actually been punched into the fence by a struggling spirit tail chicken that he had been in the process of stealing a while back.

养鸡的弟子纷纷顺着白小纯所指看去，仔细一望，都看到了栅栏的破损，一个个都吃了一惊，这些细微的末节，他们之前还真没太留意。
The chicken farm disciples looked in the direction that Bai Xiaochun was pointing, and when they saw the hole, expressions of shock appeared on their faces. It was true that they really hadn’t paid much attention to tiny details like this in the past.

“还有那只灵尾鸡，都跑过来了，你们怎么守护的！”
“And look at that spirit tail chicken. How did you plan to protect it after it walked all the way over here?”

白小纯越发不满，声音都略大了一些，听的那些养鸡的弟子一个个汗颜。
Bai Xiaochun seemed to be getting more and more angry, and was even raising his voice, causing the chicken farm disciples’ faces to flush with shame.

“根据我的观察，此地是这片区域里最偏僻的地方，应该重点去守护的，可我都来了半天了，你们才出现。”
“According to my investigation, this spot right here is the most remote location on the chicken farm. You should be guarding this place especially closely. But look, I was here for ages before any of you people showed up.”

白小纯越说越是生气，到了最后长叹一声。
The more Bai Xiaochun talked, the angrier he got. In the end, he let out a long sigh.

“你们这样，怎么抓贼啊，以我的抓贼经验，若我没有猜错，你们在这里丢的鸡，是最多的。”
“How do you people expect to catch a thief like this, huh? Based on my experience catching thieves, if my speculations are correct, then this is the location in which the most chickens were taken.”

他这句话一出口，养鸡的弟子纷纷心神一震，相互看了看，都看到了彼此目中的吃惊，因为根据他们的了解，这里的的确确是丢鸡最多的地方。
As soon as the words left his mouth, the chicken farm disciples began to tremble inwardly. Exchanging glances, they saw the shock in each others’ eyes. Based on the information they had, this was indeed the location where they had lost the most chickens.

所以他们才会守在这里，眼下居然被白小纯一语道破，众人一个个看向白小纯时，眼中慢慢都露出了敬佩。
In fact, that was the reason why they had decided to stand guard here. Bai Xiaochun had hit the nail square on the head, causing the entire group to look at him with increasing admiration.

即便是之前那位有所怀疑的弟子，此刻也都觉得理亏，看着白小纯那为了他们不惜以修行的时间来抓贼的义举，又想到白天时白小纯义不容辞的热心，连忙深吸口气，抱拳深深一拜。
Even the disciple who had been the most suspicious of him now felt that he had been in the wrong. First he thought about how Bai Xiaochun had sacrificed his cultivation time to come catch the thief, and then he remembered how enthusiastic and duty-bound he had seemed earlier in the day. Finally, the disciple took a deep breath, clasped hands and bowed deeply.

“之前多有得罪，白师弟不要放在心上，多谢白师弟的义举，我们一定尽快把这里修复，日后重点守护此地！”
“Junior Brother Bai, please don't be too deeply offended at what I said earlier. Many thanks for your sacrifice. We will repair this spot immediately, and will definitely increase the guard in this area!”

其他人也都纷纷抱拳，心底觉得白小纯这里的热心，难能可贵，是真正用心的帮助他们，一个个更对之前的鲁莽致歉。
Everyone else clasped hands as well, thinking about how rare it was to find someone as zealous as Bai Xiaochun. He was obviously trying to help them, and that made them even more sorry for their impulsiveness earlier.

白小纯轻叹一声，又很是认真仔细的指点了几句后，这才迈步离去，他的身后，那七八个弟子再次一拜，看向白小纯时，已被白小纯的热心感动。
Bai Xiaochun sighed, then earnestly offered them a few more pieces of advice before turning to leave. As he walked off, the eight disciples once again clasped hands and bow ed, completely moved by what he had just done.

“白师弟是个好人啊。”
“Junior Brother Bai is such a good g uy.”

白小纯刚刚走出这片区域，被风一吹，发现自己背后的汗凉飕飕的，心中暗呼方才好险，只是肚子很饿，于是想了想，决定去其他两处地方看看有没有机会下手。
As soon as Bai Xiaochun was out of sight, a cold wind brushed against his back, and he realized that he was sweating profusely from how close of a call it had been. However, his stomach was still grumbling, so he decided to go to the other two chicken farms to see if there was still a chance to make a move.

走在这山间的小路上，白小纯左顾右盼，神情严肃，心中琢磨到了下一个地方这鸡该怎么偷，风一吹，他手臂上的绸带飘摇，渐渐远去。
He strolled down the mountain path, looking around cautiously as he went along to make sure he wasn’t being followed. His expression was grave as he pondered how to go about stealing a chicken from the next chicken farm. As the wind blew, it fluttered the silk band tied around his arm.

与此同时，漆黑的半空中，有一道旁人察觉不到的女子身影，站在蓝绫上，俯瞰整个香云山，忽然神情一动，注意到了左顾右盼的白小纯，渐渐的女子目中赞赏更多了一些。
Meanwhile, up in dark night air, a woman stood on a blue flying silk, completely undetectable to everyone down below as she examined the situation on this part of Fragrant Cloud Peak. Suddenly, her expression flickered as she caught sight of Bai Xiaochun walking along, looking around vigilantly. Her eyes gradually began to glow with praise.

“这位小师弟，确实是一个认真负责的热心人。”
“This little Junior Brother really takes his responsibilities seriously.”

这女子自然就是周心琪，她已检查了所有区域，开始还看到有人巡逻，可随着夜色降临，大都各自修行，唯有这白小纯是真的外出，认认真真的去抓贼。
Naturally, that woman was Zhou Xinqi, who had been inspecting the area. Earlier, there had been lots of disciples on patrol, but as the night wore on, most of them had gone back to practice cultivation. Bai Xiaochun was the only one out and about actually trying to catch the thief.

“有他在，想来那偷鸡贼，定会收敛很多。”
“With him around, the chicken thief will definitely have to rein things in.”

周心琪收回目光，放心的飞回洞府。
Zhou Xinqi looked away and then headed back to her Immortal’s cave, feeling much better about the situation.

一个时辰后，白小纯转悠了一大圈，回到自己的院子时，他一拍储物袋，两只灵尾鸡出现，他嘿嘿一笑，拔毛整理，扔到锅中，很快香气飘出，白小纯咽下一口唾沫，顾不得滚烫，狼吞虎咽的大吃起来。
Two hours later, Bai Xiaochun had circled back around to his courtyard residence. Once inside, he slapped his bag of holding to produce two spirit tail chickens. Chuckling to himself, he plucked them and tossed them into the wok, soon after which, a fragrant aroma filled the air, causing him to salivate. Then, he didn't even wait for them to cool before wolfing them down ravenously.

最后打个了饱嗝，拍着肚子躺在一旁，脸上露出陶醉。
Finally, he burped, patted his belly, and then laid back, looking so content he almost seemed drunk.

很快过去了一个月，这一个月来，白小纯颇为认真，经常在夜里看到他肃然的身影，出没在各个养鸡的地方。
Another month passed, during which time Bai Xiaochun conscientiously went out at night, looking very solemn as he appeared randomly to inspect the various chicken farms.

尽管如此，可鸡还是经常丢失，仿佛对方来无影去无踪，神秘莫测，养鸡的那些弟子越发觉得没面子，鼓足了劲，多次发誓一定要抓住偷鸡贼。
Despite that, the chickens still continued to go missing. They seemingly disappeared without a trace, which was a deep mystery. The chicken farm disciples were increasingly feeling as if they had lost all face. Filled with passion, they continuously swore oaths to not give up until the chicken thief was incarcerated.

再看白小纯，似乎比他们还要尽职尽责，死死的守护在一处区域，仿佛不抓住偷鸡贼，誓不罢休，甚至有一次一连守在一处养鸡的地方长达四天四夜。
Bai Xiaochun seemed to be taking things even more seriously than them. He was completely devoted to defending the chicken farms, as if he wasn’t even willing to rest until the thief was apprehended. There was even one occasion in which he stood g uard at one chicken farm for four days and four nights.

那种执着的劲头，似乎形成了一股强烈的威慑力，使得偷鸡的事都少了一些，但却依旧没有彻底消失，香云山的灵尾鸡，已经少了大半，剩下的已不多，大都是没成年的鸡崽了。
The hard work being put in seemed to put a lot of pressure on the chicken thief, and the rate of thievery seemed to have been reduced. However, the thief didn’t disappear altogether. Eventually, nearly half of the spirit tail chickens on Fragrant Cloud Peak were now gone, and the ones left behind were mostly juveniles.

到了最后，就连养鸡的弟子都自叹不如，常常感慨，若是所有抓贼小队的弟子，都和白师弟一样，那么必定可以抓住偷鸡贼。
In the end, even the chicken farm disciples began berating themselves, and couldn't help but sigh emotionally. They were of the opinion that if the rest of the chicken thief task force was as conscientious as Junior Brother Bai, then the chicken thief would definitely have been caught already.

周心琪也着急了，在一天午后，白小纯正盘膝坐在养鸡的地方，目光警惕的看着四周时，一道蓝绫来临，周心琪的身影出现。
Zhou Xinqi was getting particularly anxious. One afternoon when Bai Xiaochun was sitting cross-legged at one of the chicken farms, looking around vigilantly, a blue flying silk descended from above , upon which was

“周师姐。”
Zhou Xinqi.

白小纯看到后起身乖巧的打了个招呼。
After seeing who it was, Bai Xiaochun charmingly called out, “Elder Sister

“白师弟辛苦了。” 周心琪美眸看向白小纯，脸上露出微笑。
Zhou.” When Zhou Xinqi’s beautiful eyes fell upon Bai Xiaochun, she smiled and said, “Hard at work, I see, Junior Brother Bai.”

很快的，此地的的其他弟子，也都赶来，簇拥在周心琪的四周，白小纯也在里面。
Soon, other disciples in the area were rushing up, clustering around Zhou Xinqi and also Bai Xiaochun.

“这些日子，多谢诸位同门的相助，此事心琪心领，可这偷鸡贼依旧嚣张，接下来的日子，我打算与你们一起守护此地。”
“Ladies and gentlemen, I offer my profound thanks for your assistance recently,” she said softly. “I am truly grateful. However, the chicken thief is still as brazen as ever. Therefore, I will join you to stand guard.”

周心琪轻声开口，又随着众人一起检查了一番后，她皱起秀眉。 “这偷鸡贼莫非与师尊有过节？
After looking around at the group, she frowned slightly and continued, “I’m wondering if perhaps the chicken thief has a connection to my Master.

否则的话，其他山峰也有灵尾鸡，此人不去偷，却偏偏盯上我师尊的灵尾鸡！”
Otherwise, wouldn’t he steal spirit tail chicken from the other mountain peaks too? Instead, he seems to be targeting only my Master’s chickens!”

白小纯在一旁听到这句话，双眼一亮，差点一拍大腿，大有一副对方所说，很有道理的样子，他自己也认真的在想这个问题，目光不由得看向了远处的紫鼎山，渐渐眯起了小眼睛，盖住了目中深处的贼光。
When Bai Xiaochun heard that, his eyes began to shine brightly, and he very nearly slapped his thigh. What Zhou Xinqi said made a lot of sense, and as he thought about it, he couldn’t help but look off in the direction of Violet Cauldron Peak. Slowly, his eyes narrowed to cover over the wily glint deep therein.

周心琪一来这里，很快四周就多了无数倾慕者，使得整个香云山饲养灵尾鸡的地方，人山人海。
Now that Zhou Xinqi had shown herself, many of her admirers also began to flock to the area. Soon, vast crowds had gathered at Fragrant Cloud Peak’s spirit tail chicken farms.

偷鸡贼似乎真的无处下手，使得灵尾鸡在之后的日子里，一只没丢。
The chicken thief was now incapable of doing anything, and in the following days, not a single spirit tail chicken was lost.

虽然如此，可这神秘莫测的偷鸡贼，也已然名声大噪，早已被称呼为偷鸡狂魔，在弟子中极为轰动，甚至被人拿出与小乌龟并列，成为了香云山两大最神秘之人，即便是青峰山以及紫鼎山的外门弟子，也都有所耳闻。
Even still, the mysterious and unfathomable chicken thief was already completely famous. In fact, many people had taken to calling him the Chicken-Thieving Fiend. He had caused such a stir among the disciples that he was considered to stand alongside the owner of the little turtle as one of the most mysterious figures on Fragrant Cloud Peak.

眼看偷鸡贼消失，周心琪也欣慰，虽然偷鸡贼没有被抓到，可她想起白小纯这一个多月的认真，最后派人将那枚玉佩送来，作为勉励。
In fact, even the Outer Sect disciples on Green Crest Peak and Violet Cauldron Peak had heard about him. Now that the chicken thief had apparently vanished, Zhou Xinqi felt a lot better. Although he had never been apprehended, when she thought about how hard Bai Xiaochun had worked over the past month or more, she ended up rewarding him with the jade pendant anyway, as a form of encouragement.

此事终于告一段落，而白小纯这里的认真执着，也让不少外门弟子记住了这个白白净净，很是乖巧，又极为热心的同门。
When the matter finally came to an end, Bai Xiaochun’s earnestness and devotion had caused quite a few fellow Outer Sect disciples to notice how pure, charming, and dedicated he was.

第二十四章 你是谁
0023 chapter-24

香云山院子里，白小纯看着手中的玉佩，体内灵气一动，立刻这玉佩散发出柔和的青光，笼罩全身。
Bai Xiaochun sat in his courtyard on Fragrant Cloud Peak, looking at the jade pendant sitting there in his hand. After activating it with some spiritual energy, the pendant began to glow with a soft, green light that surrounded his body .

他左手掐诀一指，立刻木剑飞出，在四周转了一圈后直奔白小纯飞射而来，可在碰触青色光芒时，仿佛是沉入水中一样，一下子缓慢了一些。
Next, he performed an incantation gesture with his left hand, causing his woode n sword to appear. It circled around in the air and then shot back toward Bai Xiaochun. However, as soon as it hit the green light, it was as if it had suddenly run into a patch of water, causing it to slow down significantly.

“好宝贝！” 白小纯收了木剑，拿着玉佩，脸上有些不好意思，喃喃低语。
“What a treasure!” he murmured, putting the woode n sword away and clasping the jade pendant in his hand, feeling a little embarrassed.

“没事没事，李青候是周心琪的师傅，可也是我的引道之人啊，按照关系，我得叫他一声叔叔才对，我才是自己人，周心琪是半个自己人。”
“Ah well, it doesn’t matter. Li Qinghou is Zhou Xinqi’s Master, but he's my mentor too. In fact, considering our relationship, I should probably call him uncle.”

白小纯干咳一声，将这玉佩收好，站在那里伸了个懒腰。
Clearing his throat, Bai Xiaochun put the jade pendant away, then stood u p and stretched lazily.

他的不死长生功，在吃下李青候大半的灵尾鸡后，进展飞速，如今已完成了七成，毕竟这灵尾鸡补的是自身元气，而非灵气，所以修为依旧还是凝气四层，但却精进了不少，如被压缩了一番。
After eating more than half of Li Qinghou’s chickens, his Undying Live Forever Technique was progressing by leaps and bounds. It was now more than seventy percent complete. Of course, the spirit tail chickens replenished his vital energy, not his spiritual energy.


However, even though his cultivation base was still at the fourth level of Qi Condensation, it had made some progress, and was more refined than before.

至于那些鸡骨头，则全部都被他埋在了灵土里，这片灵土如今的灵气之浓，已经是极为夸张，里面种植的灵冬竹，如今已是两丈多长，通体不再是翠绿，而是出现了墨色。
He buried all the chicken bones in the spirit soil, which was now filled with so much spiritual energy that it bordered on ridiculous. As for his spiritwinter bamboo, it was now more than two meters tall, and no longer purely emerald green, dark dots had begun to appear within the green.

还有最重要的三色火的灵尾，白小纯重点收集，已有数百根，一想到这些灵尾燃烧可以释放出三色火，白小纯就心中满是期待。
Most important of all were the spirit tails, which could produce three- colored flames. Bai Xiaochun had been collecting them, and now had several hundred. Whenever he thought about the three-colored flames that the spirit tails could produce, his heart filled with anticipation.

“修为不着急，只要有足够的丹药，用三色火炼灵三次后，我可以飞速提升，还是先把这不是皮小成才稳妥！”
“I'm in no hurry with my cultivation base. As long as I can get enough medicinal pills, I can do a threefold spirit enhancement on them and advance with flying speed. The most important thing to do i s make some progress with my Undying Skin!”

白小纯正想着，忽然肚子饿了起来，他看了看香云山养鸡的方向，很快收回目光，遥遥的望向了紫鼎山。
Almost as soon as the thought entered his mind, Bai Xiaochun’s stomach started to grumble. At first he looked in the direction of Fragrant Cloud Peak’s chicken farms, but then he turned toward Violet

“大师兄在紫鼎山，不知如今过得怎么样了。”
Cauldron Peak. “Eldest Brother is on Violet Cauldron Peak, I wonder how he's been doing lately.”

白小纯想起火灶房的一幕幕，思念之意更多，起身一晃走出院子，下了山，直奔紫鼎山。
Thinking about all the things that had happened back in the Ovens, he raced out of his courtyard, down the mountain, and toward Violet Cauldron Peak.

灵溪宗南岸三山，其中青峰山以驭剑为主，香云山擅长灵药，而这紫鼎山则是以术法以及炼灵称著，尤其是南岸的基础功法，紫气驭鼎功，本就是来自于紫鼎山。
Of the three mountains on the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect, Green Crest Peak focused on swords, Fragrant Cloud Peak concentrated on spirit medicine, and Violet Cauldron Peak excelled in magical techniques and spirit enhancement. Furthermore, the south bank’s most fundamental technique, the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, actually came from Violet Cauldron Peak.

白小纯顺着宗门小路，在黄昏时到了紫鼎山下，抬头看着云雾缭绕的紫鼎山，看着其内几个如小黑点般的身影，在半空中化作长虹进出，他心中满是感慨。
Bai Xiaochun walked along the path toward Violet Cauldron Peak, and by the time he got there, evening was falling. He looked up at the mountain, which was wreathed in clouds and mist. High up in the air, he was just barely able to make out tiny shadows flitting around in beams of prismatic light. He sighed.

“不知什么时候，我才能驭物飞行，也只有做到了这一点，才可以看到更广阔的天地，算是真正的踏入到了长生的路上。”
“I wonder when I’ll be able to get some kind of flying treasure, and then do something like that. Then my world will really open up, and I’ll actually be on the path to living forever.”

白小纯目中露出期待，上了紫鼎山。
Eyes gleaming with anticipation, he began to ascend Violet Cauldron Peak.

他虽不是紫鼎山的弟子，可身为外门弟子，有资格前往任何山峰，顺着山路向上走去，途中他见人就问询张大海的居所，他乖巧的样子很是讨喜，不多时就问到了张大海所在的地方，按照对方的指点，快步走了过去。
Although he wasn't a disciple of Violet Cauldron Peak, as an Outer Sect disciple, he was qualified to go to any of the various mountains. As he walked along, he asked some people about where Zhang Dahai lived. Thanks to his charming manner, he almost immediately got an answer, and quickly hurried off in the direction indicated.

与他于香云山居住的地方不同，张大胖所在的屋舍，处于山峰的阳面，那里灵气明显浓郁很多，且屋舍不多，一处处阁楼如星辰点缀，看起来似蕴含了某种规律。
Big Fatty Zhang’s residence was located on a different part of the mountain compared to the location of Bai Xiaochun’s place on Fragrant Cloud Peak. It was on the sunny side of the mountain, where there was stronger spiritual energy. There weren’t many residences here, they were sprinkled about like stars in the night sky, apparently in some prescribed pattern.

随是黄昏，光线不明，可依旧能看到四周云雾稀薄，更有灵植众多，一片仙意。
Although it was evening, and the light wasn't very clear, it was still possible to see the swirling mists and abundant spirit plants, all of which gave the place a celestial feeling. Taking a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun looked around enviously.

“大师兄有来头啊，居然能居住在这里，比我那边好太多了。”
“Eldest Brother really does have connections in the sect. I can’t believe he got a place like this. It's way better than mine.”

白小纯深吸口灵气，颇为羡慕。


找了一会，他终于找到了张大胖的屋舍，看着里面院子中杂草众多，似很久没人打理的样子，白小纯一怔，敲了敲门，可半晌都没反应。
It only took a bit of looking to find Big Fatty Zhang’s residence. The courtyard was filled with weeds, as if no one had tended to it for ages. Bai Xiaochun gaped in shock, then knocked on the main gate.


However, there was no response.

“莫非找错了？”
“Am I in the wrong place?” he thought.

白小纯正诧异时，院子内的阁楼大门，吱嘎一声打开，一个干瘦的身影手中拿着一把飞剑，左手有银光正慢慢黯淡，疲惫的走出，声音懒散的传了出来。
Even as he stood there, shocked, the front door of the building inside the courtyard slowly creaked open, and an emaciated figure appeared, holding a flying sword in his right hand. Dim silver light flickered around his left hand as he trudged out.

“谁啊！”
Looking exhausted, then languidly said, “Who is it?”

正说着，这干瘦之人突然身体一震，隔着院子看到了白小纯，脸上立刻露出了惊喜，如看到了亲人，飞快的上前，一把拉开大门，望着白小纯，大笑起来。
Even as the words left the man’s mouth, he suddenly saw Bai Xiaochun standing there across the courtyard, and a tremor ran through him. A look of delight appeared on his face, almost as if he had just caught sight of a blood relative. Suddenly, he flew forward, pushed the main gate open, and then stood there looking at Bai Xiaochun. Then he laughed loudly and said, “Ninth

“九师弟！”
Junior Brother!”

“你是谁！”
“Who are you?”

白小纯睁大了眼，猛地退后几步，看着眼前这个隐隐有些熟悉，可怎么看都很陌生的家伙。
Bai Xiaochun responded, backing up, his eyes wide. Although this person seemed familiar for some reason, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t identify him at all.

此人相貌寻常，身体干瘦，不说皮包骨也快差不多了，虽然目中满是神采，可却眼窝凹陷，身上散出的修为波动，已然是凝气四层大圆满的样子。
He had average features, and was very skinny. Although he couldn’t be described as being only skin and bones, he was almost to that point. His eyes shone with vigor, and yet were sunken in. From the ripples of his cultivation base, he seemed to be in the great circle of the fourth level of Qi

“九胖，我是大胖啊。”
Condensation.

看到白小纯这个样子，干瘦的青年欲哭无泪，说着说着，脸上露出强烈的悲愤。
When the emaciated young man saw Bai Xiaochun’s expression, he looked like he was about to start crying.

“九胖，你不知道，这一年我有多苦，我师父对我有多么的苛刻，刚上山时，她说她不喜欢胖子，生生的将我饿了半年！”
“Ninth Fatty, it’s me, Big Fatty!” he said. Face filled with intense grief, he went on to say, “Ninth Fatty, you have no idea how much I've suffered during the past year. My master is so demanding! As soon as I got here, she told me she doesn’t like fatties, and that I had to go hungry for half a year!

“半年啊九胖，你知道么，那半年我都成了什么样子，你现在看到的，还是我补了好久才补回来的。”
“Half a year, Ninth Fatty! Do you know what I ended up looking like after half a year? It took me forever just to gain this much weight back.”

这干瘦青年，正是张大胖，他说到这里，眼泪都流了下来。
This emaciated young man was none other than Big Fatty Zhang, who was now standing there weeping.

白小纯仔细的看了几眼，又听到对方的声音，这才确定眼前之人，就是他的大师兄，白小纯倒吸口气，看着与自己记忆力完全不同的两个人，目瞪口呆。
Bai Xiaochun looked him over carefully. Having heard the story, and confirmed that he really was his Eldest Brother, Bai Xiaochun’s jaw dropped. The Eldest Brother he remembered, and this person standing in front of him, looked like two completely different people.

“你和你师父有仇吧？”
“Is there some grudge between you and your Master?”

白小纯同情的看着张大胖。
Bai Xiaochun asked sympathetically.

“那老娘们，我 ”张大胖咬牙切齿，可说了几句就哆嗦一下，不敢继续，拉着白小纯进了院子。
“That old shrew! I” Big Fatty Zhang said a few words, but then shivered and didn’t dare to continue. Pulling Bai Xiaochun into his courtyard, he said,

“九师弟，我想念火灶房啊，这里真不是人呆的地方，我从来到这里，就从来没吃过一次饱饭，一点油水都没有，我饿啊。”
“Ninth Junior Brother, I miss the Ovens! Nobody can survive in a place like this. I’ve never been full the entire time I've been here, plus there’s no way for me to make any money. Ah, I’m so hungry!”

张大胖悲愤，拉着白小纯，把他从上山开始到现在，所有的苦都诉说出来。
He then proceeded to tell Bai Xiaochun everything that had happened to him from the moment he had arrived.

白小纯听着对方的苦难，忽然觉得与其相比，自己当时偷鸡的举动，实在是太正确了，看了眼张大胖干瘦的身体，白小纯叹了口气，拍了拍张大胖露出骨头的肩膀。
As Bai Xiaochun listened to the bitter tale, he suddenly realized that his decision to start stealing chickens was definitely the right thing to do. He looked at Big Fatty Zhang’s emaciated frame, then sighed and patted his bony shoulder.

“师兄有难，师弟自然要帮忙，你等我一炷香的时间。”
“Since you’re in some trouble, Elder Brother, then Junior Brother will naturally help. Just wait here for the time it takes an incense stick to burn. I’ll be right back.”

说完，在张大胖怔愣中，白小纯转身走出院子，他之前上山时就注意到了，这紫鼎山上几处饲养灵尾鸡的地方都在什么位置，此刻趁着夜色，身影很快消失。
Big Fatty Zhang gaped in shock as Bai Xiaochun turned and left the courtyard. On his way up the mountain, Bai Xiaochun had already taken note of where Violet Cauldron Peak’s spirit tail chicken farms were located. Taking advantage of the darkness of night, he suddenly vanished.

张大胖搞不清状况，不知白小纯要去干什么，只能在门口等着，可还不到一炷香，白小纯就双手拎着两只灵尾鸡，悄然归来。
Big Fatty Zhang had no idea what was going on, nor any clue as to what Bai Xiaochun might be doing. He waited there at his front gate for the time it takes an incense stick to burn, after which Bai Xiaochun returned, carrying a spirit tail chicken in each hand.

看到灵尾鸡，张大胖猛地睁大了眼，还没等他开口，就被白小纯一把拉入院子里，不去理会张大胖，白小纯熟练的取出锅，煮好水，将鸡拔毛整理，直接扔了进去，这才拍了拍衣袖，抬起下巴，看向张大胖。
When Big Fatty Zhang saw the spirit tail chickens, his eyes went wide. Before he could say anything, though, Bai Xiaochun hustled him into the courtyard. Ignoring Big Fatty Zhang, Bai Xiaochun expertly produced a wok, boiled some water, plucked the chickens and tossed them in. With that, he dusted off his sleeves, lifted his chin and looked at Big Fatty Zhang.

张大胖呼吸急促，目瞪口呆，指了指锅中的鸡，又指了指白小纯，一脸的无法置信。
Big Fatty Zhang was panting, and his eyes were wide. He pointed at the chickens in the wok, and then back at Bai Xiaochun, and a look of disbelief crept up on his face.

“你 你 莫非你就是香云山的偷鸡狂魔！”
“Y-you don’t tell me that you are the Chicken-Thieving Fiend of Fragrant Cloud Peak?”

白小纯嘿嘿一笑，右手抬起更为熟练的一按锅上，灵气散出，使得锅内的鸡肉加快熟烂，很快阵阵香气飘出后，白小纯直接抓起一根鸡腿，放在了张大胖的面前。
Bai Xiaochun chuckled. Then, as if he were very familiar with the process, placed his hand onto the wok and sent out some spiritual energy to ensure that the chicken meat was perfectly tender. Soon, a fragrant aroma wafted out.

“吃！”
Bai

白小纯傲然开口，露出当年他刚刚到火灶房，张大胖拿着灵芝让自己吃的模样。
Xiaochun reached in, pulled out a chicken leg, and then handed it to Big Fatty Zhang. “Eat!” he said, imitating the way Big Fatty Zhang had handed him the magical mushroom back when he had first joined the Ovens. Big Fatty Zhang swallowed a few times as he stared at the chicken leg.

张大胖喉咙吞咽数次，死死的盯着面前的鸡腿，一把抓住，狼吞虎咽，之后不用白小纯继续说什么，他一个飞跃直奔大锅，差点将脸都伸了进去，那两只鸡很快的，就全部被他吃个干干净净，甚至连鸡骨头都舍不得扔，嘎吱嘎吱的咬碎咽下，最后连汤都全喝了。
Finally, he grabbed it and wolfed it down. From that point on, it wasn’t necessary for Bai Xiaochun to say anything. Big Fatty Zhang flew over to the wok and virtually dunked his face in. The two chickens were rapidly consumed down to the bones, except that he couldn’t stop there, crunching sounds could be heard as he chomped them dow n too.

这才拍着肚子，躺在一旁，一脸陶醉时，望着白小纯，兄弟二人相视片刻，都呵呵笑了起来。
Finally, he smacked his belly, and laid back, looking nearly drunk with contentment. Then he and Bai Xiaochun exchanged a look and started laughing.

“还是九胖你厉害，在火灶房时你主意就多，没想到啊，香云山赫赫有名的偷鸡狂魔，居然是我兄弟。”
“Ninth Fatty, you’re incredible,” he said, looking very proud. “You really were paying attention back in the Ovens. I never would have imagined that Fragrant Cloud Peak’s illustrious Chicken-Thieving Fiend would turn out to be my bro.”

张大胖一脸与有荣焉的神情。


“修行本就是逆天之事，我辈修士，自然要与天争，与人夺，自力更生，小小灵尾鸡，算不得什么。”
“Cultivation is innately a heaven-defying thing. As cultivators, it's only natural to contend with the heavens, and fight with men. You have to rely on yourself! What do a few spirit tail chickens count for?”

白小纯一挥手，掩饰不住的得意劲，他的身份憋在肚子里太久了，此刻有人分享，看着张大胖的神情，白小纯心中很是舒爽。
Bai Xiaochun waved his hand, but was unable to conceal how pleased he was with himself. He had been keeping his identity a secret for far too long now, being able to share it, and then see the look on Big Fatty Zhang’s face, made him feel wonderful.

“只是可惜啊，香云山的灵尾鸡都被我吃的就剩下鸡崽了，味道不好，不然的话，你住在我那里，我天天管饱，一定让你重新胖起来。”
“The true pity is that I’ve eaten so many spirit tail chickens on Fragrant Cloud Peak that only the chicks are left. They don’t taste very good, otherwise I’d invite you to live with me over there, and we could eat our fill every day. You would definitely gain all your weight back.”

白小纯叹了口气。
Bai Xiaochun sighed.

张大胖听到这里，眼睛猛地亮了，赶紧爬了起来。
When Big Fatty Zhang heard that, his eyes gleamed, and he immediately crawled to his feet.

“紫鼎山有啊，西头，南头，还有北侧都有，轮班守护的弟子，每天两班倒，一队七人！”
“Violet Cauldron Peak has them too. The west, south, and north faces of the mountains all do. They’re guarded by two shifts a day, each shift manned by seven disciples!”

张大胖飞速开口，说的极为详细，说完发现白小纯诧异的看着自己，张大胖干咳一声。
Big Fatty Zhang went on to explain in further detail. When he was finished, he found Bai Xiaochun looking at him with a strange expression.

“听说了偷鸡狂魔后，我也打算学习来着，可那些鸡太贼了，我一靠近就尖叫，结果不但没成功，还差点被抓到。”
Big Fatty Zhang cleared his throat and said, “After I heard about the Chicken-Thieving Fiend, I decided to try to do the same thing as him. Unfortunately, the chickens are too hard to steal. As soon as you get close, they start making noise. Not only did I not even come close to stealing a chicken, I almost got caught.”

张大胖有些不好意思的说道。
Big Fatty Zhang seemed a bit embarrassed about the whole thing.

白小纯立刻乐了，靠近张大胖，二人低声嘀咕，慢慢的张大胖眼睛越来越亮，呼吸急促，又看到白小纯取出竹知了，片刻后，二人眉飞色舞，一起嘿嘿笑了起来。
Bai Xiaochun laughed, then edged closer to Big Fatty Zhang and began to whisper something. Gradually, Big Fatty Zhang’s eyes began to glow brighter and brighter, and he was even panting. Then Bai Xiaochun pulled out his bamboo cicada, and after a moment wide smiles covered their faces and they began to chuckle.

此刻深夜，他们的笑声从院子里传出，听起来格外的瘆人
Soon, laughter rang out from within the courtyard, and it sounded terrifying.

从这一天起，白小纯索性就住在了张大胖这里，渐渐的紫鼎山的灵尾鸡，也开始丢失
From that day on, Bai Xiaochun began to visit Big Fatty Zhang more often, and gradually, the spirit tail chickens from Violet Cauldron Peak began to go missing

每当深夜，两个偷鸡大盗出没，一个偷，一个放哨，慢慢的紫鼎山的弟子都哗然了，纷纷议论。
Every night, two great chicken bandits struck. One did the stealing, the other stood watch. Soon, the disciples of Violet Cauldron Peak were in an uproar, and everyone was discussing the matter.

“听说了么，香云山的偷鸡狂魔，盯上我们紫鼎山了！”
“Did you hear? The Chicken-Thieving Fiend from Fragrant Cloud Peak has set his eyes on Violet Cauldron Peak!”

“我亲眼看到，偷鸡狂魔不是一个人，是两个人！”
“I actually saw it happen! The Chicken-Thieving Fiend isn’t a person, it's a team of two!”

当这个消息传到了香云山时，香云山的外门弟子，全部都深吸口气，以同情的目光看向紫鼎山。
When the news got back to Fragrant Cloud Peak, the Outer Sect disciples there all took deep breaths and looked sympathetically in the direction of Violet Cauldron Peak.

“这偷鸡狂魔，总算是学会了平衡，不再只盯着我们香云山去偷 ”
“So the Chicken-Thieving Fiend has learned to be balanced. He's finally not stealing chickens from our Fragrant Cloud Peak”

第二十五章 不死铁皮！
0024 chapter-25

直至一个月后，风声太紧，甚至张大胖口中的老娘们，那位紫鼎山的掌座许媚香也都略有耳闻时，白小纯与张大胖不得不放弃继续留在紫鼎山，在张大胖的议题下，他们决定去解救一下黑三妞。
It got to the point that, a month later, the rumors were flying like crazy. Even the Xu Meixiang, the peak lord of Violet Cauldron Peak, who was none other than the old shrew Big Fatty Zhang had mentioned, caught wind of what was happening. Bai Xiaochun and Big Fatty Zhang had no choice but to cease their activities. After discussing the matter together, they decided to go rescue Third Girly Hei.

于是，二人去了青峰山。
Therefore, the two of them went to Green Crest Peak.


Third Girly Hei was a bit thinner, but not conspicuously.


However, she now emanated a somewhat seductive air, which left Bai Xiaochun and Big Fatty

黑三妞也瘦了一些，虽不是特别明显，可也隐隐露出了窈窕的身姿，让白小纯与张大胖呆了一下，几乎认不出来了，就连曾经黑黑的脸，如今看起来也有些一些动人的神韵，可以想象，若最终彻底瘦了下来，黑三妞必定是个美女。
Zhang virtually speechless. They barely even recognized her. Her previously swarthy face even looked somewhat elegant. One could easily imagine how, if she continued to lose weight, she would eventually turn into a true beauty.

只是，一听灵尾鸡，黑三妞眼睛顿时亮了。
However, once she heard about the spirit tail chickens, her eyes began to shine.

从此之后，青峰山的灵尾鸡，开始出现了丢失
From then on, the spirit tail chickens on Green Crest Peak began to go missing

到了这一刻，偷鸡狂魔这个名号，已经在南岸彻底成名，轰动八方，外门弟子几乎无人不知，就连杂役也都听说。
By now, the Chicken-Thieving Fiend was completely famous on the south bank. It was virtually impossible to find an Outer Sect disciple who hadn’t heard of him, and even the servants knew the name. Before long, the Elders took note of the matter.

好在没有持续太久，当一些长老都开始关注时，这偷鸡狂魔突然的销声匿迹，不再出现，只是无论黑三妞还是张大胖，都明显的身体恢复了一些，虽然还远远无法回到曾经的威武，可也都壮了太多。
Although the Chicken- Thieving Fiend eventually vanished without a trace, never to reappear again, Third Girly Hei and Big Fatty Zhang both visibly regained a lot of weight. Although they weren’t as impressive as they had been in the past, they were still much sturdier.

而白小纯这里，也终于 完整了九九八十一天的循环，对于饥饿不再那么强烈，于是三人才放弃了继续偷鸡。
As for Bai Xiaochun, he finally finished eighty-one cycles, at long last sating his hunger. It was at that point that the three of them gave up on stealing chickens.

这不死长生功的八十一次循环，虽然不是连续完成，而是累计达到，可效果一样，没有区别。
Although the eighty-one cycles of the Undying Live Forever Technique hadn’t been performed in succession, but rather built up over time, the result was absolutely the same.

这一天，白小纯在香云山的院子里，神色凝重，全身皮肤散发出阵阵铁色，更有黑芒闪耀，一股强悍的气息，从他的皮肤上传出，化作了阵阵莽荒之感。
On one particular day, Bai Xiaochun sat in his courtyard in Fragrant Cloud Peak, his expression solemn. His skin was emanating iron-colored pulses, and even glowed with a flickering black light. An incredible aura radiated off of him, making him seem savage and wild.

九九八十一天的痛，与九九八十一天的饿，在这一刻融合于一起，形成了一股惊人的力量，在白小纯体内持续的爆发。
He had endured eighty-one days of pain and then eighty-one days of hunger. That combination transformed into a shocking power that erupted up inside of Bai Xiaochun, over and over again.

每一次爆发，都蕴含了数不尽的元气，这些元气全部随着爆发融入白小纯的皮肤上，使得他的皮肤铁色更多，黑芒刺目，坚韧的程度，也是倍增。
Each eruption was filled with boundless vital energy, which then poured into Bai Xiaochun’s skin, causing it to become increasingly iron-colored. The black glow grew more blinding, and the toughness of his skin increased exponentially.

甚至他站在那里，若有外人看到，第一眼看去会认为那是一句铁人，而非血肉真人。
Eventually, it reached the point that if anyone had happened to catch sight of him standing there, they would think they were looking at an iron statue, and not a flesh and blood h uman.

他脑海轰鸣不断，这种爆发，已在他的体内出现了十九次之多，可却始终没有停下的迹象，反倒更快的冲击。
His mind was reeling as the bursts of energy continued. After the 19th time, he realized that they weren’t slowing down at all, but were actually increasing in intensity.

白小纯一动不动，仿佛连呼吸都没有了，可仔细一看，可以看到他全身的汗毛空正在微微的收张，四周的天地之力也无声无息的凝聚过来。
Bai Xiaochun didn't move a muscle, and didn’t even seem to be breathing. However, if you looked closely, you would see that all of the pores on his body were dilated as he silently absorbed the energy of heaven and earth in the area.

“九九八十一次的爆发后，我得不死皮，就会小成，进入铁皮的境界！”
“After eighty-one eruptions, my Undying Skin will reach the initial stage of completion, and I’ll be in the Iron Skin stage!”

白小纯脑海里浮现不死长生功的口诀，神色坚毅，他这一年来的所有努力，无论是剧痛还是饥饿，为的 就是这一刻的爆发。
The Undying Live Forever Technique’s mnemonic floated in Bai Xiaochun’s mind, and a firm and unswerving expression could be seen on his face. All of his hard work over the past year, including enduring all the pain and hunger had all been for this moment!

轰！
RUMBLE!

体内的元气再一次的冲击，他的皮肤铁色更多，元气钻入每一寸的皮肤内，进行如千锤百炼般的锻造。
The vital energy inside of him erupted out once more, and the iron color of his skin deepened. Every time the vital energy poured into the flesh of his skin, it was as if it were being tempered by the strikes of thousands of forge hammers.

这一刻的他，如同一把神兵利器，而那一次次的爆发，就是锤子一次次的砸下，轰轰轰！
As of this moment, he pulsed with energy, like a divine weapon in the forging process! RUUUUMMMMBLLE!

二十次，三十次，四十次，四十八次
28 times. 30 times. 40 times. 48 times

时间流逝，三天过去，白小纯依旧站在那里，外面听不到丝毫声音，可他的耳边，却能听到体内传出的无尽天雷般的巨响。
Time passed. Three days later, Bai Xiaochun remained in the exact same spot. Although no bystander would be able to hear anything, to him, it sounded like endless thunder was boom ing in his ears.

可就在这时，在他的体内元气爆发进行到第四十九次后，突然的，冲击的力道猛地倍增，他身体一颤，皮肤上肉眼可见的出现了一些细密的裂缝，仿佛无法支撑一样。
However, it was at this point that the vital energy inside of him erupted out for the 49th time. Suddenly, the power redoubled, and a tremor ran through him. At the same time, tiny cracks began to appear on his skin, as if it couldn’t endure any longer.

这些裂缝虽然不多，可在出现后，却让白小纯这里心中一沉。
Although the cracks were few, as soon as they appeared, Bai Xiaochun’s heart sank.

“果然出现了灭相 ”白小纯皱起眉头，不死长生功上对于如今的状态，有过介绍，曾说过不死皮在小成的过程中，必定会出现这种碎裂，只不过根据不同人的意志，坚持的越久，则日后的不死皮效果越好。
“So, the signs of impending death have finally appeared” Bai Xiaochun frowned. The introduction to the Undying Live Forever Technique mentioned cracks like this. During the process of reaching the initial stage of success, they were guaranteed to show up. How long each individual could hold on would depend on their willpower, and would end up determining the quality of the future Undying Skin.

即便是不去坚持，不死皮一样会修成，只不过在效果上，自然是越完美越好。
Even if you didn't endure for very long at all, you could still successfully cultivate the Undying Skin. However, the quality would naturally fall short of perfect.

如果能坚持完整的八十一次元气爆发，才是真正的完美无瑕。
If you could hold on through all 81 eruptions of vital energy, then you could reach a state of perfect flawlessness.


Bai Xiaochun’s eyes gleamed with determination for a moment before he closed them once more.

白小纯眼中露出坚定，再次闭目，体内轰鸣陆续传遍全身，五十次，六十次，七十次 他竟一口气，在接下来的五天内，生生的坚持到了七十多次。
Rumbling explosions continued to erupt inside of him. 50 times. 60 times. 70 times Unexpectedly, one breath took him through five whole days, during which he endured all the way past 70.

他的皮肤此刻的碎裂，如龟纹一样密密麻麻扩散全身，甚至很多地方都连在了一起，仿佛一个被打碎后又粘起的花瓶。
The cracks covering him were so numerous that his skin almost looked like a turtle’s. In many places, the cracks had joined together, making him resemble a broken flower vase that had been pieced back together.

似乎随时可以四分五裂。
He looked like he might shatter at any moment.

“只差七次了！” 白小纯眼中都是血丝，已成血芒，他呼吸急促，狠狠一咬牙，性格当中的狠辣，骤然滋生。
“Only seven more times!” he thought, his eyes completely bloods hot. Panting, he clenched his jaw, and that vicious streak in his personality surged to life.

七十四次！
74 times!

七十七次！
77 times!

七十九次！
79 times!

白小纯扬天一吼，这吼声不大，更多的是闷闷之音，身体颤抖时，再次熬过了一次体内的元气爆发，达到了八十次。
Bai Xiaochun threw his head back and roared, although it wasn't very loud of a roar, more like a muffled grunt. His body trembled as he endured yet another eruption, reaching a total of 80.

那元气飞速融入他的皮肤上，使得整个皮肤虽然龟裂，可却如同铁皮一样，让人看去时，会触目惊心。
The vital energy poured into his skin which, although it was covered with cracks, was like iron, anyone who saw it would surely be shocked.

“最后一次！”
“Last one!” he said.

白小纯不愿放弃，在那最后一次元气爆发中，右手猛地抬起，向着面前大地，狠狠一拳落下。
As the final burst of vital energy surged out, he suddenly extended his right hand and smashed it dow n toward the ground. A boom rang out, and a huge crater appeared.

轰的一声，一个深坑出现时，他体内的最后一次元气爆发，终于结束，无数的元气融入他的皮肤中，肉眼可见的，他的全身裂缝眨眼消失，一片光滑时，就连黑芒也都散去，看起来依旧是白白净净，可没有人知道，在这看似寻常的皮肤上，如今已具备了惊人的坚韧。
The final blast of vital energy erupted as everything reached a conclusion. Endless amounts of vital energy poured into his skin, causing the cracks to immediately vanish, leaving him looking sleek and smooth. The black glow vanished, and he looked just as fair and pure as before. However, now his skin was far tougher than ordinary skin, although nobody could tell that by looking at him.

白小纯呼吸急促，好半晌抬起头时，他看着地面被自己轰开的大坑，又看了看皮肤，顿时振奋，扬天大笑。
Bai Xiaochun stood there panting for a moment before looking up at the crater he had just blasted into the ground. Then he looked at his skin, and his expression brightened. Finally, he threw his head back and laughed uproariously.

他右手抬起一挥，木剑飞出，化作一道乌光直奔手臂，在碰触的一瞬，竟传出了金铁的声音，当的一声，木剑竟然被直接震退，而他的手臂皮肤，只是感觉仿佛被蚊子咬了一口，仔细一看，丝毫伤都没有。
He waved his right hand, causing his woode n sword to fly out, which then transformed into a black beam that slashed at his forearm. As soon as it hit, a metallic clang rang out, and the woode n sword unexpectedly flew backward. As for his arm, it felt almost like a mosquito had bitten him. When he examined the point of impact, his skin wasn’t harmed at all.

“不死皮！”
“Undying Skin!” he cried, unable to contain his joy.

白小纯喜不自禁，要知道这木剑不是寻常法宝，而是炼灵两次，虽然因材质一般，可炼灵之后的威力，足以堪比天骄的法宝，可就算是这样，也依旧伤不了他丝毫。
It must be stated that his woode n sword was no ordinary magical item, it had received a twofold spirit enhancement. Although it was made from ordinary materials, because of the spirit enhancement, it could be considered a magical item worthy of a Chosen. Despite that, though, it hadn’t hurt him at all.

白小纯身体一晃，爆发全力冲出，四周的空气都传出嗡的一声，他出现时，已在了十多丈外，这种速度，比之前快了何止数倍，让白小纯更为精细。
Bai Xiaochun suddenly flickered into motion, shooting forward. A buzzing sound could be heard as he suddenly appeared more than thirty meters away. He could now move many times faster than before, leaving him completely delighted.

至于力量，他看了一眼地上的大坑，已经心中有数，知道不死皮小成后的自己，不说是脱胎换骨，也相差无几了。
As for the power he could unleash, a mere look at the crater in the ground revealed that it was also many times greater than before. Furthermore, this was only the initial stage of success of the Undying Skin. Although it couldn't be said that he had completely cast off his mortal body , he was definitely vastly different than before.

“如此防护之力，才可为我白小纯的长生之路，保驾护航。”
“With defensive power like this,” he thought, "I, Bai Xiaochun, am going to be much safer on the path to living forever.”

白小纯得意非凡，再看自己的修为，竟也随之又精进了不少，直接到了凝气四层的大圆满。
Bai Xiaochun was extremely pleased with himself. Next, he examined his cultivation base and saw that he had also made quite a bit of progress in that aspect as well. He was now in the great circle of the fourth level of Qi Condensation.

且不是寻常的凝气四层大圆满，而是体内灵气被压缩之后，可以说他的灵气本身的品质，已不是同境界的修士可以比较。
Furthermore, it was not the ordinary great circle. Because of how the spiritual energy had been compressed inside of him, it’s quality was far beyond compare to an ordinary cultivator of the same stage as himself.

他太满意了，在这院子里来回疾驰，片刻后他身体猛地一顿，双目露出一抹精芒时，右手抬起，拇指和食指成半口状，向前狠狠一捏，与此同时，他的两指出现了黑芒闪耀，他的前方分明什么都没有，只是虚无，可这一捏之下，前方的虚无都传出咔咔之声。
Feeling very satisfied, he sped a few laps around the courtyard, then suddenly stopped, eyes gleaming. Lifting his right hand out in front of him, he held his thumb and forefinger out in a U shape. Then he pinched them together, causing a black glow to appear on them. Although nothing happened, cracking sounds could be heard in the air up ahead of him.

白小纯目光收缩，转身一晃到了一处岩石旁，再次右手两指黑芒闪耀，一捏之下，咔嚓一声，那岩石如豆腐一样直接爆裂。
Eyes widening, he turned and dashed over to a nearby rock, where he once again caused the black light to flash from his two fingers. As soon as he pinched the fingers together, cracking sounds could be heard as the rock exploded like a piece of tofu.

他再次一晃，出现在了灵冬竹旁，这里的竹子已长到了三丈多高，他选择了最坚硬的竹头，一捏之下，竹头轰的一声，一样碎裂。
He flickered into motion again, appeared next to the spiritwinter bamboo, which was now more than nine meters tall. After identifying the toughest of the bamboo stalks, he pinched his fingers together. A boom could be heard as the bamboo s hattered.

这一幕，让白小纯自己都倒吸口气，身体落下时，他低头看着自己的双指，看着其上的黑芒慢慢消散，许久，他才吐出长气。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and sank down to the ground, where he looked down at his two fingers, and the black glow which was slowly fading away from them. After a bit of time passed, he let out a long breath.

“这就是碎喉锁么 ”白小纯喃喃低语，这是不死长生功上存在的一种秘法，唯有不死皮小成才可施展，据说能爆发出两倍之力，无坚不摧。
“So, that’s the Throat Crushing Grasp, huh?” he murmured quietly. That was one of the secret magics of the Undying Live Forever Technique, something that could only be unleashed after reaching the first stage of initial success. Suppos edly, it could double one’s power, and could not be countered.

而方才，白小纯也只是用了五成力道而已，他无法想象，若是自己全力施展此秘法，到底会有多么的恐怖。
Just now, Bai Xiaochun had only used about fifty percent of his full power. He couldn't even imagine how powerful and terrifying the secret magic would be if he unleashed its full power.


From what Bai Xiaochun could tell, a secret magic like that should be used for killing people.

这种秘法，在白小纯看来，就是一种杀人秘法，他沉默片刻，虽然觉得此法凶残，可还是认真的练了起来，在这院子里，身影快速游走，时而两指黑芒闪耀，便是阵阵咔咔之声。
After a moment of silent thought, he came to the conclusion that although it was brutal, he still needed to practice it in earnest. Therefore, he began to zip back and forth in his courtyard, causing a black flashing light and cracking sounds to echo out. Time passed. In the blink of an eye, half a month went by.


During that time,

时间流逝，转眼过去了半个月，这半个月来，白小纯没有走出院子，始终都在修炼，自然也不会知道，外出数月的李青候，在这一天清晨，踏着一道青虹，回到了灵溪宗，回到了香云山的山顶。
Bai Xiaochun never left his courtyard. He stayed there practicing the entire time. Naturally, he had no way of knowing that after months of being away, Li Qinghou had finally returned to the Spirit Stream Sect, and was currently flying through the air atop a beam of green light, heading directly toward

他在归来后还没等休息，立刻就有两道长虹从青峰山以及紫鼎山上呼啸而来，直奔山顶，寻找李青候，可以隐隐看到，那两道长虹内，一个是老者，身体如一把没有出窍的利剑，整个人散发出筑基修士特有的威压。
Fragrant Cloud Peak. After he landed, and before he could even rest, two beams of light shot out from Green Crest Peak and Violet Cauldron Peak and headed in his direction. Soon, he could make out the figure of an old man in one of the beams of light. He looked like a sharp, unsheathed sword, and emanated the unique pressure of a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

而另一道长虹内，则是一个妙曼的女子，这女子似天生媚骨，相貌绝美，但此刻脸上却带着古怪，似哭笑不得的样子，与那老者一起，到了山顶。
In the other beam of light was graceful woman. She looked like a natural beauty, exquisite despite the strange expression on her face. It almost looked like she didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Together with the old man, she alighted on the mountain peak.

这两位，正是青峰山与紫鼎山的掌座，在香云山顶，二人与李青候私语一番，这才离去。
These two were the peak lords of Green Crest Peak and Violet Cauldron Peak respectively. After arriving at Fragrant Cloud Peak, they had a private discussion with Li Qinghou, then left.

香云山顶，李青候揉着眉心坐在那里，神识一扫，重点看了看山上的三处饲养灵尾鸡的地方，发现那里只剩下了鸡崽后，他露出哭笑不得的样子，叹了口气，大袖一甩，走出大殿，顺着山路走下，看其方向
Li Qinghou stood atop Fragrant Cloud Peak, rubbing the bridge of his nose. Finally, he sent out some divine sense, focusing it on the three spirit tail chicken farms in their various locations on the mountain. When he saw that the only things left were chicks, he similarly looked like he didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Sighing, he waved his sleeve and began to walk down the mountain.

正是白小纯所在的院子。
From the direction he took It seemed he was heading directly toward Bai Xiaochun’s courtyard residence.

第二十六章 灵尾鸡好吃么？
0025 chapter-26

对于白小纯的居所，李青候虽没有来过，可始终放在心上，此刻走在山路，渐渐四周偏僻，很快在他的前方，就出现了一处院子。
Li Qinghou had actually never been to the area where Bai Xiaochun’s residence was located. After all, it was in a somewhat remote part of the mountain. As he proceeded along, the courtyard residence soon became visible off in the distance.

可还没等他走近，远远地就看到小路上，一个白白净净的身影，手里拿着一个黑乎乎的肉块，一边走一边吃，似乎吃到了兴奋点上，还哼出了小曲。
However, before he could get very close, a fair, clear-faced figure appeared, holding a piece of roasted meat in his hand, walking and eating at the same time. He seemed to be engrossed in his eating, and was even humming a little tune.

李青候面色难看，他一眼对方的手中拿着的肉块，分明是被掩饰后的鸡腿，不由得气上头来。
Li Qinghou’s face darkened as he realized that the meat currently being stuffed into Bai Xiaochun’s mouth was definitely a chicken leg. Anger instantly flared up in his heart.

“白小纯！” 他声音不高，可却如雷霆一样直接轰鸣炸开，白小纯正嗦着鸡骨头，听到这句话后，他整个人差点跳了起来。
“Bai Xiaochun!” he roared, his voice boom ing out like thunder. Bai Xiaochun, who was in the middle of sucking on the chicken bone, very nearly jumped up into the air in fright.

“李掌座！”
“Peak Lord Li!” he gasped, his eyes widening.

白小纯睁大了眼，倒吸口气，下意识的就将手里的鸡腿全部塞入口中，嘴巴鼓的如一个球，使劲咬了几下，生生的咽了下去，憋的满脸紫红紫红的。
Without even thinking about it, he stuffed the entire chicken bone into his mouth, then vigorously crunched it to pieces and swallowed it down, his face turning a deep purple in the process.

这宗门内他最怕的人，就是李青候了，尤其是吃了对方那么多鸡，白小纯更是心虚，额头都出了汗，用袖子一抹后，赶紧跑了过去，脸上露出乖巧的模样，老老实实的拜见。
In the entire sect, the person he feared the most was Li Qinghou, which was especially true after having eaten so many of his chickens. Bai Xiaochun actually felt a little bit guilty. Wiping the sweat from his brow, he hurried over, looking extremely charming and also very sincere as he clasped hands and bow ed in greeting.

“弟子拜见掌座。”
“Disciple offers greetings, Peak Lord.”

李青候的面无表情，望着白小纯，心中升起阵阵无奈，白小纯的祖上曾经对他有恩，李青候做人对于恩看的极重，哪怕此刻想去，当年只不过一件小事，可却始终没有忘记报答。
Li Qinghou looked at Bai Xiaochun, his face completely expressionless. Inwardly, he felt a bit torn. Bai Xiaochun’s ancestor had truly shown him a great kindness, and Li Qinghou was the type of person who valued such things deeply. Despite what Bai Xiaochun had obviously done, he couldn’t forget about what had happened all those years ago.

青峰山与紫鼎山的掌座来找他，说的正是灵尾鸡的事情，虽不是什么特别值钱的灵物，但他不愿别人指责自己的弟子，所以自行做出了一些赔偿。
The peak lords from Green Crest Peak and Violet Cauldron Peak had come to speak with him about the matter of the spirit tail chickens. Although the chickens weren’t necessarily very expensive, Li Qinghou couldn’t allow other people to criticize his own disciple, so he compensated them with several times more than the chickens’ actual value.

此刻看着白小纯，李青候心中更多的，是恨铁不成钢。
Now, he looked at Bai Xiaochun, feeling even more irritated than ever at how he wasn't living up to expectations.

“你成为外门弟子才大半年多，修为从凝气三层到了四层，应该是很自得了吧。” 李青候冷哼一声。
Li Qinghou snorted and then said, “You’ve been an Outer Sect disciple for a little more than half a year, but your cultivation base has only progressed from the third level of Qi Condensation to the fourth. Pleased with yourself?”

白小纯眨了眨眼，干咳一声，不知道该说些什么，于是继续保持乖巧的模样，心想自己只要态度好，应该没事，可想到方才自己手里拿着的，还是对方的灵尾鸡的大腿，就额头再次出汗了。
Bai Xiaochun blinked, then cleared his throat, unsure of how to respond. However, he continued to put on the charming face, reassuring himself that as long as he maintained the right attitude, things should work out fine in the end. However, when he thought about the fact that he had just been munching on a spirit tail chicken leg, he couldn’t help but sweat. Li Qinghou felt a headache coming on.


After a moment of thought, he coolly continued, “Considering how you’ve been fooling around, you obviously have a lot of time on your hands.

“既然有时间去做那么多乱七八糟的事情，那么你就来参加三个月后香云山的外门弟子凝气四五层的小比吧。”
In that case, why don’t you join the competition for fourth and fifth level Qi Condensation disciples in three months? It will be right here on Fragrant Cloud Peak.”

看到白小纯的样子，李青候有些头痛，思索片刻后淡淡开口。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart immediately began to pound. He had heard about the competition Li Qinghou was referring to.

他话语一出，白小纯心里咯噔一声，他听说过这样的小比，知道那种小比虽有奖励，可传闻打斗很是激烈，稍微一个不小心，就会被伤到，顿时哭丧着脸。
He knew that there were prizes to be won, but he had also heard that the fighting was fierce. If you weren’t careful, it was even possible to get injured. Bai Xiaochun scowled.

“掌座，我才凝气四层，你让我和他们去比，万一他们把我打死了怎么办 ”
“Peak Lord, I’m only at the fourth level of Qi Condensation. If I join in the competition, what happens if one of them ends up beating me to death? What would I do then?”


Li Qinghou completely ignored his question.


Looking very serious, he said,

“此番比试，你必须进入前五，否则的话，我将你 ”李青候没理会白小纯，目中露出严厉，话语还没等说完，白小纯长叹口气。
“It’s not a request. You will join the contest. Plus, if you don’t place in the top 5, t hen I’ll” Bai Xiaochun sighed.

“我知道，逐出宗门嘛 ”
“I know, you’ll expel me from the sect, right?”

李青候眼睛一瞪，知道这白小纯性格顽劣，仅仅是拿逐出宗门来让其有危机感，怕是有些不够了，又想起此子的怕死，李青候右手蓦然抬起，大袖一甩，卷着白小纯直接飞出院子，直奔山顶。
Li Qinghou glared at him. Knowing how mischievous Bai Xiaochun was, he realized that the threat of being expelled from the sect probably wasn’t enough to keep him in place. Remembering how much Bai Xiaochun feared death, he suddenly swished his sleeve, sweeping Bai Xiaochun up from the courtyard and then flying toward the top of the mountain.

白小纯心脏狂跳，看着李青候的面孔没有任何表情，隐隐有种不妙之感，在半空中感受到四周狂风扑面，还没等他仔细看清，李青候就带着他到了香云山的后山。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart began to thump madly. Li Qinghou’s expressionless face gave him a very bad feeling. The wind buffeted his face as they flew along, and before he had time to even analyze the matter, Li Qinghou had taken him to a location behind Fragrant Cloud Peak.

这里草木众多，算是香云山的禁区，平日里弟子无法到来。
It was a place considered to be a restricted area, a place few disciples ever visited.

刚一落下，李青候就拎着白小纯，飞快疾驰，走向一处后山的山谷，刚一进入这里，顿时一股阴冷的气息弥漫，四周的草木颜色明显鲜艳起来，甚至随着李青候的到来，那些草木竟在彼此摇晃。
The first thing he noticed was the thick vegetation everywhere. As they flew down toward the area, Li Qinghou pulled Bai Xiaochun along until they were in a valley. Almost immediately, a sinister aura could be sensed, and the various plants in the area brightened in color, and even began to rustle.

白小纯心脏跳动加速，看着那些草木，一股危机感出现，他正要开口时，突然看到草木内竟有一条赤色的毒蛇，缓缓抬起了头，吐出芯子，冰冷的眼睛似在盯着自己。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart raced as he looked at the plants, and a sensation of deadly crisis rose up in his heart. He was just about to speak when, all of a sudden, a crimson viper raised its head, flicking its forked tongue as it stared icily at Bai Xiaochun.

“蛇！”
“Snake!”

白小纯头皮一麻，紧接着，随着李青候的前行，山谷完全显露在白小纯的目中，他立刻就看到这整个山谷的地面上，草木中，树枝上，赫然密密麻麻存在了无数的蛇。
Bai Xiaochun had no choice but to follow Li Qinghou into the valley, and when he did, his scalp went numb as he realized that the ground, the plants, and even the trees in this place were filled with countless snakes.

花花绿绿，颜色都很刺目，一看就都是毒蛇，每一个都吐出了芯子，目光冷漠。
All of them were brightly colored, making it obvious that they were vipers. Furthermore, all of them were staring at him with cold, beady eyes, forked tongues flicking in and out of their mouths.

白小纯哆嗦起来，他从小就怕蛇，尤其是那些毒蛇在看到自己后，居然有不少都露出了攻击性，张开嘴露出了毒牙，甚至还有一些都开始喷出毒液。
Bai Xiaochun started trembling. He had always been scared of snakes, and the way these ones were looking at him left him terrified. Although they didn't actually seem like they were going to attack him, their long fangs dripped with venom in a very frightening fashion.

可白小纯转念一想，自己拥有不死皮啊，这些毒蛇应该咬不破才对，想到这里，他忽然觉得这些蛇即便再多，也都是弱鸡一只，自己根本就无所畏惧。
It was at this point that Bai Xiaochun suddenly remembered that he had his Undying Skin, and that these vipers probably wouldn’t be able to bite through it. Considering that, even if there were more snakes than there already were, to him they were about as dangerous as feeble chickens. In the end, they weren’t really very scary at all.

但他眼珠一转，担心若自己表现出不害怕，李青候说不定带自己去更危险的地方，于是立刻发出凄厉的惨叫，一副害怕的样子。
However, his eyes then turned up in thought, and he realized how risky it would be to not look scared. If that happened, Li Qinghou might take him to an even more dangerous place. Therefore, he immediately let out a shriek, and tried to look as frightened as possible.

李青候冷哼一声，修为散开，那些蛇立刻扭曲着身体，慢慢避开，露出了一条小路，在那小路的尽头，有一个山洞，里面漆黑一片，却有让人作呕的腥味，不断散出。
Li Qinghou let out a cold snort, then unleashed his cultivation base. The wriggling snakes slowly moved out of the way to make a small path, at the end of which was a pitch-black cave that emanated a noxious odor . “Uncle Li, s-spare me, please!” Bai Xiaochun called out in a quavering voice.

“李叔，你 救命啊，我没触犯门规啊。”
“I didn’t break any sect rules!”

白小纯立刻颤声，李青候面无表情，抓着白小纯直奔山洞，到了里面后，他袖子一甩，顿时这四周一下子明亮了不少。
Li Qinghou’s face was completely expressionless as he grabbed Bai Xiaochun and dragged him over to the cave. Once they reached the cave mouth, he waved his sleeve, causing the darkness to fill with a bit of light.

白小纯顿时就看到了比外面更多的毒蛇，甚至一个个个头都庞大了不少，发出嘶嘶的声音，这声音似乎带着某种奇异之力，居然可以让人心神都恍惚一下，听的白小纯猛地睁大了眼。
Bai Xiaochun could instantly see that the cave was filled with numerous vipers, some of them very large. The hissing sounds they made seemed to contain some strange, mesmerizing power that instantly caused Bai Xiaochun’s eyes to go wide.

一股强烈的危机让他呼吸急促，尤其是让他心惊的，是他发现这些毒蛇居然都如修士般的修为之力，甚至远远的，他还看到一条全身有四种颜色的毒蛇，竟堪比凝气五层。
A sensation of crisis rose up, and he began to pant as he realized that the cultivation base power of these vipers was unexpectedly high. There was even one four-colored viper that was comparable to the fifth level of Qi Condensation.

被此蛇目光凝望，白小纯觉得自己背后凉飕飕的，琢磨以自己的不死皮，在这里怕是都坚持不了太久，这一次，不用去装，他是真的恐惧了。
The stares of the snakes made Bai Xiaochun feel as if a cold wind were blowing down his back. Then he thought about his Undying Skin and realized that he wouldn't last for very long against these snakes. This time, he didn’t need to pretend, he really was scared.

“此地是万蛇谷，是我香云山的一处取毒之地，这些蛇，每一个都有剧毒，一滴毒液就可以毒杀一百头牛。
“This is 10,000 Snakes Valley,” Li Qinghou said, voice cool, “where we harvest venom here on Fragrant Cloud Peak. Each one of these snakes is extremely venomous. In fact, a single drop of their venom is potent enough to kill a hundred oxen.

筑基以下修士，被此毒沾到身上，若救援不及时，也会毒发身亡，尤其是深处，甚至还有堪比凝气大圆满的蛇王，被毒一下，我也难救。
“Any cultivator under Foundation Establishment bitten by one of these snakes, who doesn’t get the antidote in time, will die. Deep in the cave is the snake king, who is in the great circle of Qi Condensation. Get bitten by that snake, and even I would have a hard time saving you.

外门小比，你若达不到前五，你可以放心，我不会将你逐出宗门的，我会让你来这里，帮我采毒。”
“If you don’t get in the top 5 in the Outer Sect’s competition, don’t worry. I won’t expel you from the sect. I’ll just bring you here and have you harvest venom.”

李青候淡淡开口，看向白小纯。
Li Qinghou looked over at Bai Xiaochun.

“这 这 李叔你放心，不就是宗门小比么，不就是前五么，我白小纯一定完成！”
“Um uh Uncle Li, don’t worry, it’s just a little sect competition, right? Only the top 5, you said, right? I’ll definitely pull it off!”

白小纯口干舌燥，面色煞白，一听深处还有更可怖的毒蛇，他心底顿时发誓，他这一辈子也都不来此地。
Bai Xiaochun’s tongue felt as if it were sticking to the roof of his mouth, and his face was deathly pale. When he heard that there were even more fearsome vipers in the depths of the cave, he swore to himself that he would never come back to this place again in his entire life.

听到白小纯的保证，李青候心底有了笑意，可面上却依旧没有表情，哼了一声，带着白小纯离开了这里，重新回到了香云山后，将白小纯仍在一旁小路，转身离去。
When Li Qinghou heard Bai Xiaochun’s declaration, he smiled inwardly. However, his face remained completely expressionless, and he even snorted as he took Bai Xiaochun away. When they got back to Fragrant Cloud Peak, he tossed Bai Xiaochun onto a mountain path and then turned as if to leave.

临走前，他脚步一顿，没有回头，声音却飘了过来。
But then he stopped and looked back.

“对了，那些灵尾鸡好吃么。”
Voice casual, he said, “Oh right, how were the spirit tail chickens?”

说完，也不等白小纯的回答，李青候身影飘然远去。
Without even waiting for Bai Xiaochun to respond, he turned and flew off into the distance.

白小纯唉声叹气，愁眉苦脸的回到了院子，一路上有风吹过，草木哗哗，让他好几次都不由得想起那些毒蛇。
Bai Xiaochun sighed, then turned and headed back toward his courtyard, frowning the entire way. As he walked along, the wind blew, rustling the leaves, which made him think about the vipers. Back in his courtyard, he sat there, gnashing his teeth and scowling.

“李青候 分明就是李青蛇！
“Li Qinghou M ore like Li the Snake!

太过分了！”
Ridiculous!”

白小纯哭丧着脸坐在院子里，随后狠狠一咬牙。


“那万蛇谷我是一定不会去的，万一被沾上一些毒，我的小命就没了，既然这样，不就是前五么，拼了！”
“I’ll definitely never go back to that 10,000 Snakes Valley. If I get bitten, I’ll lose my poor little life.”

白小纯立刻决断。
In that moment, Bai Xiaochun made his decision.


“I’m definitely going to go all out to get into the top 5! ”

“要去进行小比，那么以我现在的修为不够，我需要灵药！”
“If I’m going to join that competition, then considering the level of my cultivation base, I'm definitely going to need some spirit medicine!”

白小纯深吸口气，狠狠地握住拳头，目中都露出了一丝凶芒，四下看了看后，立刻看到了那些灵冬竹。
Taking a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun clenched his fists. A wild gleam appeared in his eyes as he glanced around. Eventually, his gaze fell upon the spiritwinter bamboo.

“这灵冬竹的任务完成后，会奖励贡献点，以贡献点就可以去换取灵药，不过我这竹子才长了不到五丈，不知道能不能合格 ”白小纯想到这里，有些拿不准，可又没有别的办法，于是算了算时间，知道数日后便是宗门固定的种植类灵草任务交接的日子。
“After I finish the spiritwinter bamboo mission and get my reward, I’ll have enough merit points to get some spirit medicine. Unfortunately, the bamboo hasn’t even reached fifteen meters. I'm not sure if that meets the requirements” Having reached this point in his train of thoughts, Bai Xiaochun still wasn’t certain about the bamboo.


However, he didn’t have any other options.


After doing a few calculations, he confirmed that the appointed deadline to hand in the spirit vegetation was rapidly approaching.

愁眉苦脸的等了几天，终于在第四天的清晨，白小纯早早起来，到了竹子旁，双手用力，一根根抱住，全部拔起。
Bai Xiaochun scowled his way through a few more days. At dawn on the fourth day, he got up early and walked over to the bamboo. Then he wrapped his arms around one stalk after another to pull them up out of the ground.

他发现这些竹子看起来不重，可这一拔，居然每一根都如同金铁一样，非常沉重。
What he found was that although the bamboo did not seem to be very heavy, each and every stalk actually felt as if it were made from metal, and was incredibly heavy.

院子的地面都一震后，十根近五丈长，一人多粗的灵冬竹，就被他扛在了肩膀上，一步步走出院子，准备去交接任务。
The ground trembled constantly until ten stalks of bamboo were uprooted. Each one was close to fifteen meters tall, and as thick as a person. Throwing them over his shoulder, he marched out of the courtyard in the direction of the

他储物袋里的空间不大，这些竹子无法放进去，只能这么扛着，好在白小纯不死铁皮小成后力气大了很多，不然的话，还真不一定能扛着上山。
Missions Office. Unfortunately, his bag of holding wasn't very big inside, and the bamboo just wouldn’t fit in it. That was why he had to physically carry the bamboo. Thankfully, he was much stronger now, having achieved the Undying Iron

一边走着，白小纯一边郁闷，一会想着宗门小比，一会想着那些毒蛇，脑子里都是幻想出的在打斗中自己被骨断筋折的画面。
Skin. Otherwise, he would never have been able to pull the task off. As he walked along, he muttered to himself miserably. But then he thought about the competition, and the vipers, and possibility of his bones and tendons being snapped in the fighting.

“我白小纯怎么命这么苦啊 ”
“Why am I so unlucky?”

第二十七章 这 这是竹子？
0026 chapter-27

那些竹子每一根都死沉死沉的，白小纯扛着十根，又要上山，即便是他这里也微微气喘，于是越发觉得自己悲催。
The bamboo was extremely heavy, and he was carrying ten stalks. Couple that with the fact that he was climbing a mountain, and soon Bai Xiaochun was huffing and puffing. The more he thought about it, the more he felt that he was in a really unfair situation.

“我来修仙，是为了长生，干嘛要打打杀杀啊。”
“I began to practice immortal cultivation because I want to live forever. Why the heck would I go around fighting and killing, huh?

“还有我的这些竹子明明可以长的更长一些，可现在却只能拿出去换贡献 ”白小纯越想越委屈，叹息连连，扛着灵冬竹，向着山上走去。
“This bamboo could obviously grow a bit taller, but right now I need those merit points” The more he thought about the situation, the more annoyed he got at the unfairness of it all. Sighing, he hefted his spiritwinter bamboo as he hiked up the mountain path.

此时此刻，在香云山交接任务的阁楼处，很多外门弟子都来到这里，拿出自己种植好的药草，交接任务，换取贡献。
Currently, quite a large group of Outer Sect disciples was gathered outside of Fragrant Cloud Peak’s Missions Office, hands filled with various medicinal plants which they would exchange for merit points.

有香云山的长老，在这里专门负责检验品质，按照不同品质，给予贡献点。
A Fragrant Cloud Peak Elder was present to inspect the items being handed in. The amount of merit points given as a reward depended on the quality of the items handed in.


Just outside of the building itself was a wide, flat boulder, upon which a ruddy-faced, white-haired old man sat cross-legged.


A seemingly endless line of disciples stretched out in front of him, and everyone in line had spirit plants clutched in hand.


When the old man gave his appraisal, a young assistant off to the side would record the information and dole out the merit points.

“不错，这水雾花已有四瓣，给你一个中等品质。”
“Not bad. This watermist orchid already has four petals. Mid-grade item.

“这木纹参暗色太重，土力过高，已失去了平衡，不合格。”
“This woodve in ginseng is a bit too dark, and the earth-type power is too strong. It’s completely out of balance.

阁楼外一处大石上，一个面色红润的白发老者盘膝打坐，身前无数弟子排队等待，一个个上前拿出种植的灵草，被老者检查后，身边有童子记录发放贡献点。
Sorry, it doesn’t meet the requirements.”

半空中还有一群全身五彩的凤鸟，正在优雅的飞旋，每一个都有一丈多大，不时会发出阵阵清脆的鸣叫。
Circling about overhead was a flock of elegant five-colored phoenixes, each one more than three meters long. Occasionally, they would make melodious calls that rang out in the area.

这些凤鸟，正是老者私人灵宠，每当交接草木的日子，都会随着老者来到这里，很多外门弟子远远看到，都目中露出羡慕。
They were spirit pets belonging to the elder who sat there, and whenever the appointed day came to hand in plants and vegetation, the birds would come along with him. They were, of course, the subject of much envy on the part of the Outer Sect disciples.


The elder’s cultivation base was in the Foundation Establishment stage, and was clearly beyond ordinary.

眼前这老者，修为筑基，颇为不凡，在灵药的造诣上虽不如李青候，可于宗门内也是声名赫赫，尤其是痴迷药道，那种痴的程度，就连李青候都自叹不如，曾言若东林洲能出现第三个药师，必定是周长老。 “陈子昂拜见周长老。”
Although his overall skill with spirit medicines didn’t match up to Li Qinghou’s, he was still very famous in the sect. Furthermore, his obsession with the Dao of medicines had reached a frightening level that even Li Qinghou couldn't equal. Many people even said that if a third master apothecary ever appeared in the Eastwood Continent, then it would definitely be this very Elder Zhou.

很快的，就排队到了一个青年，这青年相貌一般，可却很是挺拔，来到周长老的面前，恭敬的抱拳一拜。
There was one particular young man in the line who wasn't very handsome, but stood tall and straight. When he reached Elder Zhou, he clasped hands and bow ed respectfully.

这青年话语传出，立刻四周的不少外门弟子，在听到这个名字后，都一个个向青年看去，好奇的观望。
“Greetings, Elder Zhou, it’s me, Chen Zi’ang.” When the other Outer Sect disciples in the area heard the young man's name, they all looked over curiously.

“原来他就是陈子昂师兄啊，听说他在种植灵草上，有不俗的天赋。”
“Oh, so he’s Elder Brother Chen Zi’ang. I heard that he's quite gifted when it comes to growing spirit plants.”

“我还听说，这陈子昂从入了宗门开始，每一次种植灵草的任务，从来没有低于过上品，非常了不得！”
“I heard that too. Ever since Chen Zi’ang joined the sect, he’s never grown a spirit plant that got less than a high-grade rating. He’s really incredible!”

在这众人低声议论时，陈子昂神色淡然，可目中却有傲然之意。
As the discussions continued in low tones, Chen Zi’ang stood there with a tranquil, indifferent expression on his face.


However, deep in his eyes burned a proud and lofty air.

周长老看向陈子昂时目中露出欣赏，对于这个在种植灵草上颇有天赋的弟子，他一向很关注。
Elder Zhou could see how pleased Chen Zi’ang was. He had long since been keeping an eye on him, considering how gifted he was when it came to growing spirit plants.

“子昂，这一次你种的是什么？”
“Zi’ang, what type of plant did you grow this time?”

周长老温和的说道。
Elder Zhou asked warmly.

“回禀周长老，这一次我种的是灵冬竹！”
“Elder Zhou, I'm happy to report that I grew spiritwinter bamboo!” With that,

陈子昂右手一挥，立刻身边出现了十根手臂粗细的灵冬竹，每一个都有半丈多长，通体翠绿，阳光一晃，似有淡绿之光在竹身游走。
Chen Zi’ang waved his hand, causing ten stalks of spiritwinter bamboo to appear. Each one was as thick as an arm, and over two meters long. They were emerald green, and even flickered with a faint green glow.

“此竹弟子先以灵泉洗礼，更用灵石磨碎成土，每天至少三个时辰以自身灵气饲养，每隔三天为其梳理叶脉，配合弟子所学的九青玄法，更是加入了其他药草相助，这才种出！”
“I first soaked the seeds in a spirit spring, then ground some spirit stones into gravel to act as soil. Next, I fed the plants with my own spiritual energy at least every six hours. Every three days, I would carefully tend to their leaves, and I even used the Ninegreens Profound Magic I mastered, as well as other medicinal plants, to grow them to this level!”

“好，竹长半丈，青蕴流转，已超越了寻常上品，可列为上上品，希望你以后继续努力，若能让竹长过丈，便是佳品灵株了。”
“Very good,” said Elder Zhou, stroking his beard. The praise in his eyes was clear. “These stalks of bamboo are over two meters long, and pulse with green energy. They exceed the high-grade mark, and can be classified as extreme high-grade.

周长老摸了摸胡须，目中赞赏更多。
I encourage you to keep working hard. If you can grow the bamboo to over three meters, then they will be classified as superior- grade.”

四周的外门弟子一听上上品这三个字，立刻引起众多议论，纷纷看向地面上的灵冬竹，目中露出羡慕之意。
When the surrounding Outer Sect disciple heard the words extreme high- grade, even more discussions broke out, and numerous envious gazes were cast in the direction of the spiritwinter bamboo.

陈子昂脸上露出笑容，目中的傲然之意更多，抱拳一拜，正要接过一旁童子给予的贡献点，突然的听到一声冷哼传来。
A smile broke out on Chen Zi’ang’s face, and the lofty gleam in his eyes intensified. He clasped hands and bowed, and was just about to walk over to the assistant to collect his merit points, when a cold snort suddenly rang out.

“周长老，弟子赵一多，也种了一些灵冬竹！”
“Elder Zhou, Disciple Zhao Yiduo also grew some spiritwinter bamboo!”

随着哼声传出，一个脸长眼细的青年，迈步走出，看向陈子昂时，眼珠露出轻蔑与不屑。
A long-faced young man with narrow eyes suddenly appeared. As he approached, he cast a glance of disdain in Chen Zi’ang’s direction.

他这一出现，四周的外门弟子立刻精神了，纷纷凝望。
His sudden appearance on the scene instantly caused excitement among the surrounding Outer Sect disciples, who all looked over at him.

“是赵一多师兄，赵师兄在种植草木灵珠上的造诣，据说与陈子昂不相伯仲！”
“It’s Elder Brother Zhao Yiduo! Elder Brother Zhao’s skill with spirit plants and vegetation is suppos edly neck and neck with Chen Zi’ang’s!”

“这下有的看了，他们二人一向敌对，都想要争夺种植类第一弟子的称号。”
“Well now we get to see them face off. They’ve been rivals for some time now, and both of them want to be known as the number one botanist among all the disciples.”

陈子昂面色顿时阴沉，冷冷的看着赵一多，二人目光对望，都看到了彼此目中强烈的敌意。
Chen Zi’ang’s expression immediately darkened. He looked coldly at Zhao Yiduo, who glared back at him. The hostility in their eyes instantly intensified.

“赵一多，将你的灵冬竹取出吧。”
“Zhao Yiduo, go ahead and take out your spiritwinter bamboo,” Elder Zhou said encouragingly.

就连周长老也有了兴趣，对于眼前的赵一多，他同样赞赏，也知道眼前这两个小娃，在这种植上曾多次竞争，而他也乐意看到二人如此，只有这样的良性竞争，才可以让彼此都大步的前进。
Apparently, even he was interested in finding out what was going to happen. He was well aware of the competition between the two young disciples, and was in fact happy to see it. It was only by means of healthy competition that great advancement could be made.

赵一多向着周长老一抱拳，一拍储物袋，立刻出现了十根灵冬竹，这些竹子每一根竟都足有一丈长，竹身更是大腿粗细，那翠绿的颜色，隐隐居然有种晶莹剔透之感，甚至有阵阵灵气散出，一看就绝非寻常，与方才陈子昂的比较，高下立出。
Zhao Yiduo clasped hands and bowed to Elder Zhou, then slapped his bag of holding to produce ten stalks of spiritwinter bamboo, each and every one of which was over three meters long and thicker than a person’s leg. They were bright emerald green and even seemed somewhat crystalline. From the spiritual energy they emanated, it was clear that they were beyond normal, and also far above Chen Zi’ang’s in terms of quality.

几乎在看到这些竹子的瞬间，四周人都不由得哗然起来，这种丈长的灵冬竹，他们只听说过，却没见过实物。
The mere sight of the bamboo sent the crowd into an uproar. Most people had heard that spiritwinter bamboo could grow longer than three meters, but had never seen it before.

“一丈长的灵冬竹，这得养了多久！”
Spiritwinter bamboo t hree meters long! I wonder how long it took to grow?”

“这种灵冬竹，都到了灵气外散的程度，赵师兄的种植本事，已然是我香云山外门第一！”
“That spiritwinter bamboo has reached the point where it’s emanating spiritual energy. Elder Brother Zhao’s ability with plants definitely puts him as the number one Outer Sect disciple on Fragrant Cloud Peak!”

赵一多目睹四周人的神情，笑容挑衅的看向陈子昂。
Seeing how excited the crowd was, Zhao Yiduo smiled provok ingly at Chen Zi’ang.

陈子昂面色顿时难看起来。
Chen Zi’ang’s face immediately darkened.

周长老目中一亮，露出赞叹，望着那些竹子，微微点头。
As for Elder Zhou, his eyes gleamed with praise as he looked at the bamboo and then .

“好，好！
“Excellent, excellent.

今天虽交接灵冬竹的弟子众多，可你这里，是最好的了，一丈长的灵冬竹，已突破了上品，足以列为佳品了，赵一多，你非常不错，希望你继续努力！”
Quite a few disciples have handed in spiritwinter bamboo today, but yours is definitely the best in terms of quality. It isn’t high- grade, it's definitely superior-grade. Very, very good job, Zhao Yiduo. Keep up the good w ork!”

“陈师弟你这里，还需多多学习才是。” 赵一多向着周长老一抱拳，转头挑衅的望着陈子昂。
Zhao Yiduo once again bowed to Elder Zhou, then looked over challengingly at Chen Zi’ang. “Junior Brother Chen, it seems you need to put some more work into your studies.”

陈子昂面色更为难看，冷哼一声。
Chen Zi’ang’s expression grew even darker, and he snorted coldly.

“赵师兄莫要高兴的太早，请人相助算的了什么，下一次种植时，陈某一定种出一丈半的灵冬竹给你看！”
“Isn’t it a bit early to gloat, Elder Brother Zhao? After all, it doesn’t count when you have someone helping you. Next time, I’ll definitely grow the spiritwinter bamboo t o five meters tall!”

赵一多闻言大笑。
Hearing this, Zhao Yiduo laughed heartily.

“陈师弟也不怕风大扯掉了舌头，灵冬竹极难生长，对于灵气要求巨大，我等凝气弟子，能种出一丈已是极致中的极致，一丈半？
“Junior Brother Chen, if you talk yourself up too much, you’re bound to crash and burn. spiritwinter bamboo is extremely hard to grow because of the incredible amount of spiritual energy it requires. For Qi Condensation disciples like us, growing it to three meters is the absolute limit of the limit. And you think you’re going to grow it to five meters?

那是筑基长老才能种出的，至于两丈，哈哈，赵某在宗门这么多年，还从没看到过两丈的灵冬 ”
Only Foundation Establishment Elders could do something like that. That’s not even to mention six meters. In all the years I’ve been in the sect, I've never even seen six-meter-tall Spiritwin”

赵一多话语还没等说完，突然的，人群后的小路上，传出了阵阵轰隆轰隆的声音，仿佛有什么巨物正在一步步走来，那些外门弟子一个个立刻诧异的回头，随后阵阵吸气声蓦然传出。
Before Zhao Yiduo could even finish speaking, boom ing thuds could be heard from the path leading up to the Missions Office, as if some enormous creature were approaching. Instantly, the Outer Sect disciples turned in shock, whereupon gasps began to ring out.

就连赵一多与陈子昂的对持，也都因此被打断，二人皱起眉头，都看了过去。
The standoff between Zhao Yiduo and Chen Zi’ang was also interrupted, and both of them frowned and looked over toward the path.

很快的，他们就看到一个个足有成人身体粗细的巨大竹头，在视野里蓦然出现，这些竹头颜色墨绿，甚至仔细去看，还可以看到里面有一处处紫色的斑点，阳光一晃，竟散发出绚丽多彩之芒。
Soon, what became visible were the tops of several stalks of enormous bamboo, thicker than a person. They were a bright emerald green, and if you looked closely, you would even see some violet specks flickering on their surface. They also emanated a splendid, multicolored glow.

更让人吃惊的，是阵阵浓郁的灵气，正从这些竹头上散出，笼罩八方时，无数人传出惊呼。
Even more shocking was the powerful spiritual energy emanating off of the bamboo, w hich instantly led to cries of shock.

“这 这是什么东西！”
“Wh-what is that stuff?”

“似乎是某种木头，可看起来又像是竹子！”
“It looks like some kind of tree! But at the same time, it also looks like bamboo!”

陈子昂与赵一多也都皱起眉头，认不出这是什么，但都看出此物不俗，一旁的周长老，则是猛地睁大了眼，直勾勾的盯着那些竹头，呼吸居然都微微急促起来。
Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo were frowning, and couldn't even identify what it was they were looking at. However, they could tell that it was something incredible. Off to the side, Elder Zhou’s eyes were wide as he stared at the bamboo, a nd he even began to pant slightly.

在这所有人的注目下，他们看到那些竹头蔓延越来越多，直至完整的显露出现，赫然有五丈长度，在那些竹木下，一个瘦瘦小小的少年呼哧带喘的，扛着这些竹木，一步步走来。
Everyone stared as more and more of the bamboo became visible. When the bamboo was completely revealed, shockingly, each stalk was fifteen meters tall, and it was being carried by a petite young man, who was currently panting as he trudged up the path, the bamboo s lung over his shoulder.

如同一只蚂蚁扛着一个馒头
He almost looked like an ant carrying a steamed mantou

每一步落下，都传出轰隆一声，随着前行，前方的所有外门弟子全部避开，一个个骇然，对于这少年的力气，都很震惊。
Every step that he took resulted in a boom ing thud, and as he walked along, the Outer Sect disciples made way for him, shocked by how strong he appeared to be.

这少年就是白小纯，他一路郁闷，想着小比的凶残，想着万蛇谷的可怕，欲哭无泪，爬着山路，此刻好不容易来到这里，也没理会四周众人，来到了周长老的身前，轰轰几声，将那些竹木扔在了地上后，他也坐在了竹木上，擦着汗水，喘着粗气。
The young man was, of course, Bai Xiaochun, who had been grumbling to himself the entire way about the brutality of the competition and the horror of 10,000 Snakes Valley. Although he wanted to cry, no tears would come, and as he trudged along, he didn’t even notice the crowd of people looking at him. When he reached Elder Zhou, he tossed the bamboo down onto the ground, which resulted in a huge boom .


Then he sat down on top of the bamboo, h uffing and puffing a bit as he wiped the sweat from his brow.

“这些竹子不能放在储物袋里，累死我了，长老，我来交接任务。”
“I couldn't fit this bamboo in my bag of holding. Man, I'm totally worn out. Oh, hello Elder, I’m here to hand in this mission.”

白小纯刚说到这里，忽然觉得有些不对劲，仔细一看，发现四周所有人，此刻都直勾勾的看着那些竹子，一个个呼吸逐渐的粗重了。
All of a sudden, Bai Xiaochun got an odd feeling, and looked around to find everyone in the crowd staring at his bamboo. G asps could even be heard.

“竹子 这些竟然是竹子？”
“Bamboo T hat stuff is actually bamboo? ”

“我长这么大，就没见过这么大的竹子，这分明是树好不好！”
“It's so big! I’ve never seen bamboo that big before. Come on, they must be trees, right?”

陈子昂与赵一多，此刻眼中也露出惊疑不定之色，隐隐认出了一些，可根本就无法置信，猛地靠近，蹲下身子，仔细的看着竹子，赵一多颤抖着甚至想要掰下一截看看内部的结果。
Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo couldn’t conceal their astonishment as they realized what they were looking at. However, they almost couldn't make themselves believe it was true, and knelt down to inspect the bamboo more closely. Zhao Yiduo began to tremble, and had to resist the urge to try and break open one of the bamboo s talks to examine it from the inside.

可还没等他掰下，一旁的周长老就嗡的一声靠近，大袖一甩，二人就被卷飞，周长老目不转睛，凝望竹木。
Before he could, Elder Zhou tromped over and then waved his sleeve, sending Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo tumbling off to the side. Then Elder Zhou stood there, staring at the bamboo with wide eyes.

“这 这些居然真的是灵冬竹！”
After a long moment, he took a deep breath and said, “Th-this this really is spiritwinter bamboo!”

半晌之后，周长老倒吸口气，声音传出时，四周所有外门弟子，全部呆住，而后猛地爆发出了滔天的哗然与无法置信。
The surrounding Outer Sect disciples gaped in shock for a moment, and then burst into an uproar.

“灵冬竹！
"Spiritwinter bamboo!

这些大树，居然是 灵冬竹！”
I can't believe those big trees are actually spiritwinter bamboo!”

“这怎么可能，灵冬竹怎么会长的这么粗，天啊，居然还是五丈！”
“How is that even possible? How could spiritwinter bamboo get so thick? Heavens, they’re actually fifteen meters long!”

“五丈长，一人粗细，这 这是竹子？”
“Fifteen meters and as thick as a person. Th-that’s ba mboo? ”

惊呼之声顿时爆发，尤其是看到一旁陈子昂与赵一多的灵冬竹，这么一对比，惊呼之声更为强烈，此起彼伏。
The sounds of the uproar grew even louder as people began to compare Bai Xiaochun’s bamboo w ith that of Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo.

第二十八章 压力才是动力
0027 chapter-28

白小纯也是目瞪口呆，看着四周众人的惊呼，看着远处被卷飞的赵一多与陈子昂，似乎顾不得全身疼痛，飞快的又跑了过来，整个人都趴在了上面，在那里仔仔细细的研究。
Bai Xiaochun gaped in shock at the commotion. Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo, apparently completely oblivious to the pain caused by Elder Zhou tossing them aside, rushed back toward the bamboo a nd knelt dow n to examine it.

尤其是周长老，一根根的看去，样子激动，带着不可思议，更有狂喜。
Elder Zhou began to study the stalks of bamboo one by one, his expression that of shock and elation.

这么一副癫狂的画面，使得白小纯心惊的同时，觉得所有人都疯了，心想不就是几根柱子么，按照他的想法，是打算种到十丈的。
Everyone’s crazed reaction left Bai Xiaochun somewhat alarmed. In his mind, these people were acting like lunatics. It was just bamboo, after all, right? Besides, he had originally planned to grow it to a total of thirty meters before turning it in.

“长老 ”白小纯退后几步，试探的喊了一句。
Bai Xiaochun took a few steps back and then tried to get the Elder’s attention. “Elder” he cried loudly.

“好好好！”
“Wonderful! Amazing!”

周长老大笑，抚摸着那些灵冬竹，每一寸地方都没放过，似乎没听到白小纯的话。
Elder Zhou said, laughing as he began to caress each and every inch of the bamboo. Apparently, he hadn’t even heard Bai Xiaochun speaking.

“这种灵冬竹，罕见至极，只有长到了五丈长，才可以通体墨绿，这样的灵冬竹，已经不仅仅是药草，还是炼制灵竹剑的主物，更可激发一些特殊的术法！”
"Spiritwinter bamboo like this is extremely rare. Only by growing it to fifteen meters can it achieve such a deep green color. In fact, at this point, it's not a medicinal plant, but rather, the primary ingredient to forge spirit bamboo swords. It can even be used to cast certain unique magical techniques!

“你们闻闻，是不是能闻到一股肉骨之香，这就是此竹五丈后，特有的香气啊。”
“Listen up everyone. Take a deep breath.”

周长老激动的开口，甚至还深深地闻了一口。
Looking very excited, Elder Zhou closed his eyes and breathed in deeply through his nose.


“Can you smell that fragrance?


It smells like flesh and bone, right?


That's the unique aroma that appears after this type of bamboo r eaches fifteen meters!”

陈子昂与赵一多神色极为认真，也都闻去，四周的其他弟子，距离近的，也不有闻了一下。
Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo earnestly followed suit. The other disciples in the area also pressed forward to do t he same. Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat.

白小纯干咳一声，这股味他扛着竹木到来的路上就闻到了，那分明是 鸡骨头的味道，毕竟种植这些灵冬竹的灵田里，埋下了数百上千只灵尾鸡的骨头 而且每一根，都是他啃过的。
He had noticed that same aroma as he was carrying the bamboo down the path. However, he was pretty sure that it was actually the aroma of chicken bones. After all, he had buried several hundred spirit tail chicken skeletons in the spirit field where he had grown the spiritwinter bamboo. Furthermore those bones had all been stripped clean of their meat by none other than him.

“长老 ”白小纯觉得这些人疯了，再次喊了一声。
By now, Bai Xiaochun was thoroughly convinced that these people were crazy. “Elder” he cried out again.

可就在这时，突然的，周长老全身猛地一震，盯着一根竹子上的一片区域，眼睛里猛地露出愤怒，神色都扭曲了。
However, it was at this point that a violent tremor ran through Elder Zhou, flames of rage sprang up in his eyes, and his expression twisted with rage. “Dammit!

“该死的，这里是怎么回事，怎么还有个被咬下一口的痕迹，这灵冬竹苦涩无比，不可生吃，哪个王八蛋居然咬了一口，毁了这一根的品质啊！”
What the hell happened here? Someone actually bit a chunk out? Spiritwinter bamboo i s extremely bitter and can’t be eaten raw! What bastard actually bit a chunk out and ruined the quality?”

周长老痛惜，仿佛是一块完美无瑕美玉上，突然出现了一个蛀洞般的感觉，猛地抬头，看向白小纯。
Elder Zhou seemed to be filled with grief, to him, it was like discovering a perfect piece of beautiful jade, only to find one part that had been destroyed by pests. His head suddenly whipped up to look at Bai Xiaochun.

“不是我！”
“It wasn’t me!”

白小纯吓的赶紧后退，忽然想起当初自己第一次饥饿的时候，似乎饥不择食的啃了一口这竹子，只是他怎么也没想到，这交接任务的地方，居然这么可怕，自己养的竹子，咬一口怎么了，这些人都是疯子啊。
Bai Xiaochun blurted, backing up nervously. He suddenly thought back to the first time he had been struck by incredible hunger. In his desperation at not having anything to eat, he had taken a bite out of one of the stalks of bamboo. How could he ever have imagined this would be the terrifying scene that would result when he went to hand in the mission, or how that single bite would affect these lunatics?

听到周长老的话语，四周很多人都看了过去，果然在最后一根灵冬竹上，看到了一个被啃了一口的痕迹。
When the surrounding disciples heard what Elder Zhou said, they peered over toward the last of the spiritwinter bamboo stalks, and sure enough, there was a big bite mark clearly visible. Elder Zhou stared at the damaged portion of the bamboo, then let out a long sigh.

周长老盯着竹子上的残痕，好半晌才长叹一声，他毕竟是筑基修士，虽然痴迷药道，可定力还是有的，只不过白小纯拿来的这竹子，实在太惊人了，尤其是那种变异，更是周长老前所未闻，这才有了方才失常的一幕。
After all, he was a Foundation Establishment cultivator, and was obsessed with the Dao of medicines. However, this bamboo that Bai Xiaochun had brought was so shocking, and so different from anything Elder Zhou had ever seen before, that he had lost his composure just now.

他深深的看了白小纯一眼，大袖一甩。
Finally, he took a deep look at Bai Xiaochun, then flicked his sleeve.

“此竹，上上优品 不对，极品，当列为极品，奖励一万贡献点！”
“This bamboo is extreme super-grade no, wait, supreme-grade. Yes, list it as supreme-grade. The reward is 10,000 merit points!”


The audience gasped in response.

他这番话说出，四周人再次倒吸口气，要知道寻常的种植任务，也就是十点左右，最多也只到一百贡献点而已，如今一下子就是一万！
The usual reward for plant-growing missions was usually about 10 merit points. At the most, one might be able to get 100. But in this case, the reward was 10,000!

一旁的童子也都呆了，多少年来，灵溪宗被列为极品的灵植，极为少见。
Off to the side, the assistant gaped in shock. For years and years, it had always been a rarity to have a spirit plant listed as supreme-grade.

最起码数百年来，这还是第一次。
In fact, this was the first one in hundreds of years.

白小纯激动，他赶紧来到童子身边，把自己的身份令牌拿出，连连催促，童子迟疑了一下，眼看周长老又开始研究那些竹子，于是一咬牙，给了白小纯一万贡献点。
Bai Xiaochun was very excited, and immediately walked over to the assistant and handed over his identity medallion. The assistant hesitated for a moment, then looked over at Elder Zhou, who was still studying the bamboo, then gritted his teeth and gave the merit points to Bai Xiaochun.

拿着贡献点，白小纯赶紧离开这里，他决定下次再也不来了，这里的人，都太疯了。
Having acquired his merit points, Bai Xiaochun quickly turned to leave, determined to never come back and deal with these lunatics ever again.

还没等走远，他身后传来周长老的声音。
However, before he could leave, Elder Zhou suddenly called out.

“你叫什么名字。”
“Hey, what’s your name?”

“白小纯，我叫白小纯，我叔叔是李青候！”
“Bai Xiaochun,” was the immediate response. “I'm Bai Xiaochun, and my uncle is Li Qinghou!”

白小纯赶紧开口，他来之前不知道那些竹子居然如此惊人，此刻心里多少有些担心，于是扯出李青候当做虎皮。
Before coming here, he had been completely unaware that the bamboo would cause such a scene, and he was actually a bit worried about that, which was why he pulled out Li Qinghou’s name, as sort of a threat. “Hmph.” Elder Zhou seemed to be irritated that Bai Xiaochun would resort to dropping Li Qinghou’s name. “You might think you’re pretty clever, but the

“哼，心机不少，灵溪宗万年大宗，弟子众多，每个人都有秘密，都有自己的造化，老夫还不会去舍下脸皮刨根问底，你以后若再有这样的竹子，老夫全收了，贡献点定让你满意！”
Spirit Stream Sect is one of the great sects, with a long history. There are always disciples who come along with their secrets and their unique good fortune. I won’t lower myself to the level of asking for the specifics of how you grew this bamboo, but next time you grow something similar, you make sure to bring it all to me. I’ll make sure you get a nice reward of merit points!”

周长老有些不悦，一挥手，不在理会白小纯，继续研究那些竹子，至于这一天其他弟子的交接，都因此提前结束了。
Finally, he waved his hand to dismiss Bai Xiaochun, then went back to studying the bamboo. It was at this point that, because of the matter with the bamboo, t he entire mission-handove r event concluded.

白小纯拿着身份令牌，眼中露出兴奋，离开了任务阁后，直奔香云山的灵药堂，这所谓的灵药堂，就是香云山的弟子换取灵药之处。
Bai Xiaochun clutched his identity medallion firmly in hand as he hurried away from the Missions Office and then headed directly toward Fragrant Cloud Peak’s Spirit Medicine Pharmacy, which was where disciples could acquire spirit medicines.

若是自己有灵药，也可在这里卖给宗门，换取贡献点。
It was also where disciples could hand over spirit medicines that they had crafted, and thus earn merit points.


Bai Xiaochun sped over at top speed, then hurried around the Spirit


Medicine Pharmacy trying to choose what to buy.

白小纯飞奔而来，在这灵药堂内四下选择，好半晌离去时，他已买下了一瓶适合凝气五层的丹药，这丹药价格不菲，白小纯本以为自己的一万贡献点已经很多，可却没想到，这里的灵药更贵。
Eventually he decided to purchase a bottle of medicinal pills suitable for the fifth level of Qi Condensation. These medicinal pills were by no means cheap. Bai Xiaochun had originally assumed that 10,000 merit points was a lot, but unexpectedly, the spirit medicines were actually very expensive.

“青神蕴灵丹。” 白小纯看着手中的丹瓶，里面一共三粒丹药，就这三粒，就花掉了他四千多贡献点。
“Greengod Spiritgathering Pills,” he murmured, looking at the medicinal pill bottle he held in his hand. Inside were three medicinal pills, which had cost him fully 4,000 m erit points.

不过此丹也不是寻常凝气弟子的丹药，效果非凡，不但比寻常灵药更具药效，甚至还有精纯灵气的效果。
However, these were pills that ordinary Qi Condensation disciples would usually not have access to. They were quite extraordinary, not only was their medicinal strength greater than that of ordinary spirit medicine, they could provide purer spiritual energy.

白小纯琢磨着凝气五层不保险，所以打算是这一次，突破到凝气五层大圆满的样子。
Bai Xiaochun wasn’t convinced that merely stepping into the fifth level of Qi Condensation would be enough, so he planned to break through all the way to the great circle of the fifth level.

至于凝气六层，他想过以这个方法来避战，可若真的这么做了，白小纯可以想象得到，李青候必定会换一个方法，继续惩罚自己。
He had thought about aiming for the sixth level of Qi Condensation to avoid having to fight in the competition, but if he did that, he could well imagine how Li Qinghou would come up with some other method of punishing him.

至于余下的贡献点，白小纯也没浪费，全部换取了防护用的一次性符咒，这些东西放在身上，他才觉得稳妥了一些。
As for the rest of his merit points, he didn't let them go to waste. He traded them for some disposable defensive talismans. With those hidden in his robe, he felt much safer.

若非是贡献点不够了，他还想去宝阁里换一些凝气用的法器回来，眼下只能放弃，回到了院子后，白小纯目光凝重，盘膝坐在木屋内，取出丹药，低头凝望。
Unfortunately, he didn’t have enough merit points to go through with his plan of heading to the Treasure Pavilion to acquire a weapon or two suitable for the Qi Condensation stage. Instead, he headed back toward his residence. Once back in the courtyard, he sat down cross-legged in his log cabin, then pulled the medicinal pills out and studied them closely.

“还有不到三个月的时间，我要闭关！”
“I still have three months to go. It’s time for some secluded meditation!”

他一咬牙，观察了四周后，右手掐诀一指，立刻龟纹锅出现，他又取出了灵尾鸡的尾巴，一晃之下，三色火出现。
Gritting his teeth, he looked around to make sure no one was watching, then performed an incantation gesture and pointed out. Instantly, the turtle-wok flew out, along with a bunch of spirit tails, which he used to start a three- colored flame.

一根尾巴无法满足龟纹锅的需求，直至用了十根尾巴后，前三条纹路才明亮起来，白小纯一口气，将三枚丹药都全部炼化三次。
One tail feather wasn't enough to satisfy the turtle-wok. He had to feed in ten before the three designs on the wok lit up brightly. Then, he took a deep breath and put the three medicinal pills inside to perform a threefold spirit enhancement.

随后拿起一粒有着三道银纹的青神灵蕴丹，一口吞下。
After the process was completed, the Greengod Spiritgathering Pills in his hand had three silver designs covering their surfaces. Finally, he placed one of them in his mouth.

丹药入口立刻融化，阵阵磅礴的灵气轰然爆发，白小纯立刻按照紫气驭鼎的动作与呼吸，全神贯注，不断地引导体内灵气运转。
The medicinal pill dissolved, and spiritual energy began to course through him explosively. Bai Xiaochun instantly began to utilize the breathing techniques and postures of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, using them to manage the flow of the spiritual energy.

数日后，白小纯的木屋轰然一震，有无数尘土飞扬，似有冲击从内向外扩散开来，片刻后，木屋内传出白小纯的笑声。
A few days later, rumbling sounds filled Bai Xiaochun’s log cabin, and numerous dust particles blasted out in a shock wave. Moments later, Bai Xiaochun's laughter could be heard ringing out.

“凝气五层！”
“Fifth level of Qi Condensation!” he said, panting, eyes shining brightly.

白小纯深吸口气，目中露出精芒，他之前吃下那么多灵尾鸡，本就已是凝气四层大圆满，又吞下一颗丹药，极为顺利的突破，成为了凝气五层。
After eating so many spirit tail chickens recently, his cultivation base had already reached the great circle of the fourth level of Qi Condensation. By eating that one medicinal pill, he was able to easily break through into the fifth level. More filth was expelled out from inside of him, but not as much as before.

他的身体上再次出现了污垢，可却明显比之前少了一些，清洗之后，白小纯没有立刻再吞丹药，而是稳固修为，又过去了五天，他才将第二枚炼灵三次的青神蕴灵丹吞下，这一次，灵气在体内充斥，他的灵脉长河更为宽大，在体内奔腾流转，使得修为之力再次攀升了一大截。
After washing up, he didn’t immediately take out another medicinal pill, but rather, took time to stabilize his cultivation base. After five days passed, he took out the second of his threefold spirit enhanced Greengod Spiritgathering Pills, and consumed it. As the spiritual energy coursed through him, the river that was his spirit meridian grew larger, and flowed faster, causing his cultivation base to climb higher at a rapid rate.

又稳固了数日，他才将第三枚青神蕴灵丹吞下，一口气直接将修为冲击到了凝气五层大圆满的程度。
After stabilizing himself for a few more days, he consumed the third Greengod Spiritgathering Pill, and his cultivation base shot up to the great circle of the fifth level of Qi Condensation.

到了这个时候，他的举手投足间，整个人看起来都与之前有了不同，皮肤更白不说，甚至还多出了一些独特的气质。
By this point, everything about him seemed different than before. His skin was fairer, and there was something unique about his energy.

这让白小纯很是喜悦，他也清楚，若是其他凝气四层大圆满的弟子，吞下这三枚丹药，最多也就是突破到凝气五层罢了，不可能如他这样达到凝气五层的大圆满，距离凝气六层，似乎也只是一步之遥。
Bai Xiaochun was quite happy, but also realized that, normally speaking, it would be impossible to use only three medicinal pills to break through from the great circle of the fourth level of Qi Condensation all the way to the great circle of the fifth level, and then be only a hair away from reaching the sixth level.

这里面的重点，就是龟纹锅的炼灵。
As far as he could tell, the only reason he was able to do so was the turtle- wok and its spirit enhancement ability.

此物的功效，随着白小纯修行，越发的显露出来，让白小纯不止一次的好奇，这龟纹锅到底是什么来头。
The more Bai Xiaochun practiced cultivation, the more obvious it was to him how helpful the turtle-wok was. That in turn caused him to become even more curious about its origins.

看起来似龟壳，可他发现似乎又不是。
Although it looked like a turtle shell, the more he studied it, the more it seemed that it wasn’t.

而有关炼灵，他也已打探的很清楚，在紫鼎山上就有专门的炼灵之处，付出一些贡献后，可以在那里让宗门的长老帮助炼灵，而紫鼎山的掌座，听说就是一位炼灵方面的大师。
In recent days, he had looked more into the matter of spirit enhancement, and had learned that Violet Cauldron Peak was known for their spirit enhancement abilities. In fact, if you paid enough merit points, you could even acquire the services of the Elders there to perform spirit enhancements. Word had it that the peak lord of Violet Cauldron Peak was a grand master when it came to spirit enhancements. Running his fingers along the designs that covered the turtle-wok, Bai

抚摸着龟纹锅背面的纹路，白小纯目光闪动，片刻后他摇了摇头，既然想不懂，索性就先不去理会，而是右手抬起一挥，面前出现了一枚青色玉佩，一把木剑。
Xiaochun’s eyes glittered. Finally, he shook his head. There were too many things he didn’t understand, and it wouldn't do any good to waste time thinking about them. Reaching his hand out, he caused the green jade pendant and his woode n sword to appear.

白小纯望着自己如今唯独的两样法器，一咬牙，再次取出灵尾，准备将这两件物品，都达到炼灵三次的程度。
These were the only magical devices he owned at the moment. Gritting his teeth, he produced some more spirit tails as he prepared to perform threefold spirit enhancements on them.

“不知炼灵三次后，这木剑与玉佩，会有什么变化。”
“I wonder what the woode n sword and jade pendant will look like after I do the threefold spirit enhancement.”

白小纯右手一挥，在龟纹锅的三条纹路都亮起后，玉佩直奔锅中，银光瞬间闪耀后，阵阵雷霆般的轰鸣传出，好在传的不远，倒也没有多少人注意。
The wave of a hand caused the three designs on the turtle-wok to light up. When he sent the jade pendant flying inside, silver light shone, and rumbling sounds like that of thunder could be heard. Thankfully, they didn’t echo out very far, so nobody heard them.

直至银光消散，在白小纯面前的青色玉佩上，赫然多出了三道银纹，这银纹闪耀，慢慢黯淡，可白小纯却明显的感受到，这玉佩上的气息，与之前截然不同，如同天地之差。
When the silver light faded away, the green jade pendant had three silver designs on it, which flickered brightly for a moment before fading away. However, Bai Xiaochun could sense that the jade pendant’s aura was now as different from before as the Heavens were from the Earth.

甚至隐隐的，青色中，出现了一丝紫光，在这玉佩内如镶嵌一样，甚至玉佩的形状都改变了一些，不再是椭圆，都是更扁了一些，似要成为圆圈。
In fact, it was even possible to see glowing violet specks within the green of the jade pendant. Even the shape of the pendant had changed, instead of being oval, it had now been flattened into a circular shape.

白小纯拿起玉佩，灵气融入后，嗡的一声，他的四周立刻出现了一层青色的光圈，足有三尺多厚，看起来很是惊人。
Bai Xiaochun poured some spiritual energy into it, causing rumbling sounds to echo out as a green shield sprang up around him, fully a meter thick and completely astonishing to behold.

第二十九章 举重若轻
0028 chapter-29

白小纯尝试了一下防护的程度，立刻大笑起来，随后目光火辣的看向自己的木剑，这木剑是他入门时拥有，伴随到了现在，经历两次炼灵。
After performing a quick test on the defensive power of the jade pendant, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but laugh out loud. Next, he turned his attention to the woode n sword. He had acquired this woode n sword the moment he had joined the sect, and since then, had performed spirit enhancements on it twice.

“以这枚玉佩的防护程度来看，我把这小木剑第三次炼灵后，威力一定非比寻常！”
“With the protective power of this jade pendant, after I perform a threefold spirit enhancement on my little woode n sword, I’ll definitely be completely extraordinary!”

白小纯微微一笑，开始对这小木剑进行炼灵。
Bai Xiaochun smiled, then began to prepare the little woode n sword for the spirit enhancement.


Silver light flickered within the turtle-wok.

随着银光闪耀，当龟纹锅内的光芒消散时，出现在白小纯面前的小木剑，其上第三道银纹刺目，好半晌才慢慢黯淡，与此同时这把木剑的样子，也随之改变了一些，比之前长了一指，且木纹的脉理近乎完全的紫色。
As it faded away, the little woode n sword appeared in front of Bai Xiaochun. Three silver designs gleamed on its surface, then gradually faded away. At the same time, the physical appearance of the sword changed. It was longer by a finger’s length, and the grain of the wood w as now virtually completely violet.

甚至还有阵阵奇异的香气散出，只不过这香气很怪，味道口鼻内，开始是香甜，可很快就会让人神智恍惚。
There was also a bizarre aroma which pulsed out of the sword, an aroma which, upon entering the nose, seemed sweet, but quickly caused the mind to enter a state of confused distraction.

白小纯身体一震，双眼恢复清醒，吃惊的看着这把小木剑，将其缓缓拿起，立刻发现这小木剑的重量，居然比之前多了数倍，拿在手中如同一块沉重的岩石。
Bai Xiaochun trembled for a moment, but then his eyes grew clear. He looked in shock at the woode n sword for a moment, then reached out to grab it, whereupon he found that it was many times heavier than before. Unexpectedly, as he held it in his hand, it felt as heavy as a boulder.

他双眼一闪，将这小木剑放在面前仔细去看，目中渐渐露出深思。
Eyes glittering, he examined the sword, and gradually a profound gleam rose up in his eyes.

“这把木剑的材质，应该是不算少见的沉云木，这种沉云木只需炼化七七四十九天就可成为炼器的材料，且可大批量炼制。”
“This woode n sword is made from the rarely-seen heavycloud wood,” he murmured, “which only needs to be refined for forty-nine days before you can use it in equipment forging. It can also be used in mass-production.”

白小纯喃喃低语，目光在这小木剑的纹理上扫过。
Next, he focused on the veins in the wood of the sword.

“紫色的纹，那么只有一个解释了，此剑炼灵多次后，已出现了要变异的迹象。”
“Violet veins. There’s only one explanation for that. After performing these handful of spirit enhancements, these are the signs of the sword’s transmogrification.”

白小纯闭上眼，脑海里立刻浮现出他所学的草木知识里，关于沉云木的所有信息。
Bai Xiaochun closed his eyes and began to review the information about heavycloud wood that he had gleaned when studying about plants and vegetation.

许久，当他睁开双眼时，目中露出期待，右手掐诀一指小木剑，顿时此剑乌光一闪，在其内隐隐可见紫芒闪烁，一瞬飞出，眨眼间就穿透木屋，甚至飞跃出了院子，到了十多丈外，直接刺入到了一块巨大的岩石上。
After a while, his eyes opened, and they gleamed with anticipation. He performed an incantation gesture and then tapped the little woode n sword, which instantly caused a black light to flicker out, within which were tiny violet specks. Suddenly, the sword shot out of the log cabin, across the courtyard, and then another thirty meters or so, where it stabbed into a huge boulder.

无声无息，这把小木剑就穿透进去，居然在那大石内绕了一圈，又穿透出来，眨眼回到了白小纯的面前。
Without making a single sound, the sword then spun around inside of the rock, pierced out of it, and flew back to Bai Xiaochun.

剑身没有丝毫破损，反倒是有阵阵锐利的气息，若隐若现。
The sword wasn’t damaged at all, and in fact began to emanate a piercing aura.

白小纯精神振奋，又仔细的把玩了一下小木剑，将第三道银纹再次涂抹掩饰后，这才推开木屋的门，他深吸口气，正准备意气风发一番，可一想到两个月多后的香云山小比，觉得还是不稳妥。
Bai Xiaochun’s expression brightened. He played around with the sword a little bit more, then once again painted over the designs. Finally, he opened the door of his log cabin, stepped out, and took a deep breath. Unfortunately, as soon as he thought about the competition in two months, his previously high spirits sank a bit.

“不行，这点本事估计还不够，那些人一个个必定非常凶猛，我还要多准备准备才好。”
“This isn't good enough. I’m still not well enough prepared. The other people in the competition are definitely going to be vicious beasts. I need to do more.”

白小纯一咬牙，想起了紫气驭鼎功内介绍过的两种境界。
Grinding his teeth, he thought about the two levels of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, which he had read about in the manual.

举重若轻，举轻若重。
Lightness-in-Heaviness. Heaviness-in-Lightness.

这两种境界是修行紫气驭鼎功时会出现的通明之法，若能修行到极致，便可以演化出一种叫做紫气化鼎的神通。
Those two levels of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art were powerful magics that appeared when cultivating the art. If both were cultivated to the pinnacle, they could lead to a divine ability called Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning.

如今的灵溪宗南岸，紫气驭鼎是基础的功法，几乎人人都修炼，只是能修出举重若轻的不是很多，第二个境界举轻若重的则更为少见，至于修到极致，演化出紫气化鼎神通，就更少了。
On the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect, the fundamental techniques of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art were something that virtually everyone practiced. However, few people cultivated Lightness-in-Heaviness, and as for the second stage of Heaviness-in-Lightness, that was even more rare. As for those who cultivated the art to the absolute peak, and could unleash the

即便真的有明悟紫气化鼎的，也大都是紫鼎峰的弟子。
Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning divine ability, they were most rare of all. Actually, the majority of those who gained enlightenment of Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning were disciples from Violet Cauldron Peak.

“举重若轻 唯有达到了这种驭物的境界，才可以让我的把握得到大幅度的提高。”
“Lightness-in-Heaviness Only by reaching that stage of being able to completely control physical objects can I even be absolutely assured of rising above the pack.”

白小纯想着功法内的介绍，低头看着手中的小木剑。
Bai Xiaochun continued to think about the description of the technique as he gazed dow n at the little woode n sword.

他当年与许宝财那一战时，被监事房以及火灶房的众人错认为明悟了举重若轻，此刻回想起来，白小纯脑海有种模糊的灵光一闪而逝。
Back when he had fought his battle with Xu Baocai, everyone from the Supervisors’ Department and even the Ovens had mistakenly assumed that he had gained enlightenment of Lightness-in-Heaviness. Now that he thought back to the situation, an idea flickered through his mind.

“我之所以被认为明悟了举重若轻，是因操控着小木剑的游刃程度，可这里面大半的原因，是小木剑自身炼灵后的威力不俗造成。
“The reason people thought I had achieved Lightness-in-Heaviness was because of how adeptly I controlled my little woode n sword. However, the real reason behind that was mostly because of how incredible the sword became after my spirit enhancement.

实际上，我在操控木剑的方法上，并非娴熟，更说不上举重若轻 ”白小纯皱起眉头，索性盘膝坐在院子里，低头望着木剑，双眼慢慢无神，可却渐渐出现了血丝。
“The truth of the matter is that my ability to control it isn’t actually that incredible, and definitely is not Lightness-in-Heaviness.” Frowning, Bai Xiaochun randomly sat down cross-legged and looked at the woode n sword. Gradually, his eyes grew blank, and were soon shot with blood.

片刻后他右手猛地抬起，小木剑随之飞出，向着前方狠狠一斩，风声呼啸，吹起地面不少尘土，白小纯眉头皱的更紧，右手掐诀再次一指，这一次他所指的不是木剑，而是院子外方才被木剑穿透的大石。
A moment later, his right hand suddenly waved up into the air, sending the little woode n sword flying out. It whistled through the air in front of him, kicking up a cloud of dust. Bai Xiaochun’s frown deepened as his right hand flashed with an incantation gesture, and then pointed his finger out. However, what he pointed at wasn’t the sword, but rather, the huge rock outside the courtyard that he had just stabbed with the sword moments ago.

一指之下，这大石猛地震动，缓缓地升起了一尺后，白小纯体内灵气不稳，轰的一声，大石又落了下来。
The wave of his finger caused the huge stone to tremble slightly, then gradually rise up into the air by about one third of a meter. But then Bai Xiaochun’s spiritual energy grew unstable, and it thumped back down with a boom .

可白小纯不但没有沮丧，反而双眼越发明亮起来，他带着执着，运转体内灵气，再次一指。
Bai Xiaochun was not dismayed, though. In fact, quite the oppos ite. His eyes began to shine brightly. Focusing completely, he circulated his spiritual energy and once again waved his finger.

一次，两次，三次
Once, twice, three times Time passed.

时间流逝，转眼过去了半个月，这半个月来，白小纯几乎每时每刻都在尝试驭那块大石，此石足有三人多高，重量不下七八百斤，即便白小纯到了凝气五层大圆满，想要将其彻底操控，也绝非易事。
Half a month was gone in the blink of an eye. Virtually that entire time, Bai Xiaochun worked on trying to control the boulder. Of course, this boulder was about as tall as three people put together, and weighed about 1,500-1,600 kilograms. Despite the fact that Bai Xiaochun was already in the great circle of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, manipulating an object like this was not an easy task.

这还是因为他体内修为精炼，才可以去尝试，若是换了其他凝气五层，最多也就是让这大石抬起数寸而已。
The only reason Bai Xiaochun could do so was because of the extraordinarily refined state of his cultivation base. Anyone else in the fifth level of Qi Condensation would never be able to move the boulder more than a handful of centimeters.

而眼下，经过一个月的不懈努力，白小纯早就发现了自己驭这大石最大的困难，不是灵气不够，而是在操控上不稳，经常会体内灵气明明还有，可却自行中断。
Bai Xiaochun worked hard for an entire month. By this point, he realized that the reason controlling the boulder was so difficult wasn’t because of a lack of spiritual energy, but rather, that his level of control was lacking. Even when he still had plenty of spiritual energy, the connection would always break.

“灵气化丝线，以平稳的速度流动，使得这条丝线永远不断，才是驭物的关键所在。” 白小纯目中光芒一闪，双眼血丝弥漫，沙哑的喃喃低语。
“The key is to move the threads of spiritual energy at a constant speed,” he muttered hoarsely, eyes bloods hot but shining brightly. “That’s how to make sure they never break.” It was the same principle that applied to mortals when they were making noodles at home.

这就如同凡俗人家制作的面条，拉扯的速度太快，会使面条断开，若是太慢，又无法拉出太长，必须要把握好一个寸劲，才可以游刃有余，随心所欲。
If you pulled the dough apart too quickly, it would snap. If you went too slowly, it would be impossible to stretch them out very far. You had to use just the right amount of strength, and then you can control the objects smoothly and clearly however you wish.

而修士驭物，若想要达到超乎寻常的程度，需要的就是稳定的保持在这寸劲上才可，如此一来，难度自然增加。
If cultivators wanted to control physical objects to a degree that surpassed the ordinary, they would need to use just the right amount of strength, and maintain stability. Of course, that increased the level of difficulty significantly. “I get it now!” Bai Xiaochun thought excitedly.

“我明白了，举重若轻，说的不是字面的意思，操控沉重之物有轻灵之感，这只是表象罢了，真正的含义，不是对物，而是对于灵气的操控！”
“Lightness-in-Heaviness is about more than the words ‘light’ and ‘heavy’. It's not just being able to control heavy objects as if they didn't weigh a lot. That’s just the surface meaning. The true, deeper meaning has to do, not with physical objects, but rather, with the way you manipulate spiritual energy!

“我凝气五层的灵气总量，就是重这个字，而将其化作一条细细的却不断的丝线，就是轻这个字，如果做到，就是举重若轻，而外在的表现上，则是游刃有余后的速度！”
“In the fifth level of Qi Condensation, your total reserve of spiritual energy is what makes the heaviness. When you take that spiritual energy and convert it into numerous tiny, unbreakable threads, that is the lightness. Doing it correctly is Lightness-in-Heaviness. Of course, with the surface meaning, the result is the speed with which you can effortlessly control physical objects!”

白小纯神色露出振奋，他想通了这个问题后，右手抬起一挥，立刻远处那块大石震动，猛地就被抬起。
After getting to the root of the problem, he waved his hand again, and the boulder began to tremble. Then it suddenly rose up into the air.

仿佛有一只无形的大手将这大石抓住，升空后呼的一声，直奔白小纯来临，可在半空时却顿了一下，砸在了院子里，掀起尘土。
It was almost as if some enormous hand had simply grabbed it and pulled it up. Then, it began to whistle through the air toward Bai Xiaochun. However, before it could reach him, it suddenly fell down out of the air into his courtyard, where it kicked up a huge cloud of dust.

白小纯没有气馁，继续尝试，直至又过去了半个月，他发现自己无论如何，似乎也做不到让自己的灵气始终稳定的保持一条不断地丝线。
Bai Xiaochun felt no discouragement. He continued to practice for another half a month. Unfortunately, for that entire time, he was unable to maintain one continuously stable thread of spiritual energy.

有的时候，即便是真的做到了，可因大石太沉重，使得灵气丝线还是在流动时不稳而断开。
Even when he was able to form a stable thread, the incredible heaviness of the rock ensured that the threads of spiritual energy always grew unstable and broke.

可如果是去操控小木剑，则没有这个问题，因其重量不如大石，在操控上白小纯明显觉得轻松很多，而且随着一个月的练习，在速度上更快了几分。
Of course, when it came to controlling the little woode n sword, he had no problems whatsoever. Because of the vast difference in weight between the boulder and the sword, Bai Xiaochun now felt that controlling the woode n sword was much, much easier. Furthermore, after the month or more of training, he could move it with much greater speed.

实际上，这已经是举重若轻了，但白小纯却不满意，他眼珠通红，狠狠一咬牙，那种狠劲滋生出来。
In actuality, he really had achieved Lightness-in-Heaviness. However, he wasn't satisfied. Eyes completely bloods hot, he gritted his teeth, and that vicious determination once again appeared.

“我就不信了！”
“I refuse to believe I can't do it!”

白小纯右手掐诀一指，这大石竟飞到了他的头顶。
He performed an incantation gesture with his right hand, causing the boulder to fly over and hover directly above him.

白小纯额头泌出冷汗，胆颤心惊的望着头顶的大石，全力以赴的去维持那条看不见的灵气丝线，这若是断了，大石落下后，虽然砸不死他，可也会剧痛。
Beads of sweat poppe d out on his forehead as he looked up nervously at the rock, exerting all the possible effort he could muster to preserve that invisible thread of spiritual energy. After all, if it broke, then the rock would fall. Although it wouldn’t kill him, it would definitely be very painful.

这一次坚持的时间明显多了不少，可在半个时辰后，轰的一声，白小纯发出惨叫，那块大石砸下，好半晌大石晃动，被推开，白小纯从里面爬了出来。
This time, he was clearly able to maintain the connection for a lot longer than before. However, after about an hour passed, rumbling sounds began to echo out, and then Bai Xiaochun let out a yelp as the stone smashed down. After a long moment, it trembled and fell off to the side as Bai Xiaochun crawled out from underneath it.

他有不死皮防护，伤没有，可那种痛却让他呲牙咧嘴。
Thanks to his Undying Skin, he wasn’t hurt. However, the pain of what had just occurred left him grimacing.

但他的拼劲，却是更强烈了，在这不断地尝试下，又过去了一个月，那块大石从每天都会砸下好多次，渐渐变成了一天一次，到了最后，甚至白小纯偶尔可以做到一天一次都没有失败。
Despite that, his resolve grew even more intense. Another month went by, and the rock smashed down onto him over and over again. Eventually, he reached the point where he could actually keep it afloat for an entire day without dropping it.

而那块大石，也被他缓缓抬高，最多的时候都到了十多丈的高度，这若是砸下，那种剧痛即便是白小纯也都会面色苍白。
Furthermore, the height to which he could lift it grew greater and greater. Soon, he could hold it thirty meters high in the air. Of course, the pain that resulted when he dropped it from that height left Bai Xiaochun completely pale-faced.

可也唯有这样，才可以让他的精神高度集中。
However, that was the only way to refine himself to the pinnacle.

渐渐地，他已然做到了让体内灵气举重若轻，从始至终保持稳定，丝毫没有中断，可他还是不满足，于是不再盘膝打坐，而是一边移动，一边维持灵气丝线不断。
Gradually, his ability to achieve Lightness-in-Heaviness with his internal spiritual energy was growing more and more stable. Eventually, he reached the point where he almost never broke the connection. However, he still wasn’t satisfied. Next, he didn’t practice while sitting cross-legged, but instead, while exercising.

难度加大，院子里的轰鸣声，又一次不时响起。
That made things even more difficult, and led to continuous booms ringing out in his courtyard.

时间一天天流逝，当距离李青候所说的香云山小比，只剩下三天的时候，白小纯所在的院子里，半空中漂浮着一块七八百斤的大石，院子内他的身影快速移动，竟真的做到了在这不断地活动时，大石依旧纹丝不动的程度。
Time passed, one day at a time. Soon the competition Li Qinghou had mentioned was now only three days away. The scene in Bai Xiaochun’s courtyard was that of a figure zipping around while a 1,500 kilogram boulder floated around up above . Despite how much Bai Xiaochun was moving around, the boulder remained motionless up in the air.

移动良久，白小纯身体一顿，站在木屋前，扬天大笑，右手抬起一挥，那半空中的大石呼的一声飞出院子，平平稳稳的落在了原地。
Eventually, Bai Xiaochun stopped running around, and stood there in front of his log cabin, laughing heartily. Then, he waved his right hand, causing the boulder to fly out of the courtyard and settle back firmly into the ground.

白小纯掐诀一指，小木剑飞出，依旧是简简单单的向前一斩，可速度之快，已然模糊，比之前强悍了何止数倍。
Next, he performed an incantation gesture and pointed out, causing his little woode n sword to slash out in front of him. It moved so quickly it was little more than a blur, clearly it was much more pow erful than before.

白小纯满脸喜色，飞快的掐诀。
Bai Xiaochun’s face lit up with delight, and his hand began to flash with incantation gestures.

极致的速度，配合木剑的威力，立刻就达到了一种惊人的程度，一时之间院子里仿佛出现了无数小木剑，剑气飞扬。
The speed combined with the might of the sword, resulting in a shocking combination. All of a sudden, the courtyard almost seemed to be filled with innumerable little woode n swords, all flying about.

最后他小袖一甩，所有木剑虚影都消失，只有一把存在，直奔白小纯，消失在了他的储物袋内。
In the end, he flicked his sleeve, causing the sword projections to vanish. Only one woode n sword remained, which then shot back toward Bai Xiaochun and vanished into his bag of holding.

“这一次，应该可以进入前五了吧。”
“Now I finally feel ready to get into the top 5.”

白小纯深吸口气，虽然还是觉得没有十足的把握，可时间要临近了，他只能定气凝神的盘膝打坐，让自己保持最好的状态。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. Although he didn’t feel one hundred percent confident, time was running out. All he could do was settle his qi and calm his mind, then sit down cross-legged to meditate and put himself in the proper state.

第三十章 来吧！
0029 chapter-30

三天后，清晨。
Three days later. Dawn.

白小纯在日初的一瞬，就睁开了眼，他深吸口气，神色极为凝重，这种宗门的比试，对他而言还是头一遭。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes opened at sunrise. He took a deep breath, and a serious expression could be seen on his face. This was his first time taking part in a competition like this.

当初与许宝财之间已不算什么打斗了，此刻要参加的香云山小比，才是真正意义上的同门相争。
His fight early on with Xu Baocai actually didn't really count as much of a battle. However, now that he was going to participate in Fragrant Cloud Peak’s Outer Sect competition, he would be truly fighting against his fellow sect members.

白小纯缓缓站起身，整理了一下储物袋后，神色肃然的走出屋舍，但很快就跑了回来，在床底下翻了翻，找出了当初火灶房时留下的那些皮衣，一层层穿在了身上，又将玉佩取出挂在可以立刻开启的位置。
He slowly rose to his feet, organized his bag of holding, and then somberly walked out of his residence. Moments later though, he came running back and started rummaging around under his bed until he found the leather coats he still had from back in his days at the Ovens. After donning several layers, he then placed his jade pendant somewhere he could access it easily.

若非是龟纹锅不方便取出，他都想将其背在后背。
Were it not for the fact that it would have led to too m any questions, he would have put his turtle-wok on his back.


“Ah, why didn’t I think of this earlier!” he thought regretfully.

“失算啊，怎么忘了准备一口大黑锅。”
“I can't believe I forgot about that big black wok of mine.”

白小纯很是懊悔，来不及去找了，于是咬了咬牙，这才转身重新走出屋舍，看着远处的太阳，他的目中露出坚定，昂首挺胸，向着山顶走去。
However, he was running out of time, and had no choice but to grit his teeth, turn, and leave. Taking a glance in the direction of the distant sun, his eyes filled with determination. Puffing his chest out, he began to climb toward the top of the mountain.

他身上穿的皮衣太多了，虽然没有黑锅，可看起来依旧如同一个粽子 密不透风，以至于走了没多久，白小纯的额头就出了汗。
At the moment, he was wearing far too many layers of leather clothing. Even though he didn’t have the big black wok on, he still looked somewhat like a sticky rice dumpling He was bundled up so tightly that after walking for only a little bit, he was already starting to sweat.

可汗再多，他也没脱下一件皮衣，对于小比之事，他很是在意，脑海里不断浮现一幕幕幻想出的残酷画面，顺着山路渐渐到了山顶，可清晨的山顶，雾气太多，白小纯走着走着，他忽然发现，自己竟不知转到了什么地方。
However, even if he sweat more profusely, he wouldn’t shed even one item of clothing. The competition was too important, and he couldn't stop thinking about how brutal it would be. As he walked along the path, he suddenly realized that it was quite a foggy morning on the mountain, and he actually had no idea where exactly he was.

“不对啊 ”白小纯赶紧找人问询，这才改变方向，心底敲鼓，生怕迟到错过了时辰。
“Did I take a wrong turn?” he thought, and instantly looked around for someone to ask directions from. At the same time, his heart began to thump from the fear of possibly being late.

在这香云山的山顶，有一处演武场，此地正是香云山举行小比的地方，此刻已有不少人围观，正在低声议论。
At the top of Fragrant Cloud Peak was a fighting arena, which was where the competition was to take place. Quite a few people were already gathered there to watch the proceedings, and were chatting in hushed tones.

甚至里面还有一些修为超越凝气五层的弟子，也大都抱着膀子，看向那些师弟师妹，当然也有来助威者。
There were even some disciples in the audience who were in the fifth level of Qi Condensation, although most of them stood there with arms folded across their chests as they looked at their Junior Brothers and Sisters who would be participating in the competition. Of course, there were also people there to cheer on their friends.

这种香云山外门弟子的小比，虽不是特别正规，但却也是外门弟子崭露头角的地方，此番参与的人，也有二十多个，在那演武场的四周，大都盘膝打坐，很是认真的准备着。
This Outer Sect competition wasn’t very formal, but it was a place where the participants could stand out from the crowd. There were about twenty people who had come to join the competition, all of whom were sitting in the area cross-legged in meditation, preparing in earnest for the fighting to begin.

其内没有凝气三层，虽然这外门小比规则上凝气三、四、五层都可以参加，可实际上来到这里的，大都是凝气五层，即便是凝气四层，也只是五六人而已。
No one in the competition was in the third level of Qi Condensation. Although the rules allowed for that, most of the people who actually joined the competition were in the fifth level of Qi Condensation, although there were five or six who were in the fourth level.

其中有一个女子，很是显眼，这女子身姿高挑，在那外门弟子的衣衫下，似可隐隐看到凹凸起伏，身材之好，让人看了后，会升起无限遐想。
There was one young woman among the group who stood out from everyone else. She was tall and beautiful, and her Outer Sect disciple uniform could not conceal her curvaceous form. Anyone who laid eyes on her wouldn’t be able to stop from slipping into a bit of a reverie.

肌肤如雪，柳叶眉下双眸似水，相貌极美，尤其是衣袍下的道裤，看似宽松，可在臀腰的位置却惊人的紧绷起来，显露出让人触目惊心的弹力。
Her skin was white like snow, and she had eyebrows that curved as gracefully as willow leaves. She really was spectacularly beautiful. As for the Daoist trousers she wore, although they were loose, they stretched tightly around her rear end in a way that made it virtually impossible for any man to look away.

她的身边有不少外门弟子簇拥，显然是这女子的倾慕者。
There were quite a few Outer Sect disciples clustered around her, obviously her admirers.

这女子正是外门弟子里，虽比不上周心琪，可也颇有名气的杜凌菲。
Although she couldn’t quite compare to Zhou Xinqi, she was still one of the most famous of the Outer Sect disciples, Du Lingfei.

“这一次的小比，以杜师姐凝气五层大圆满的修为，应该是首位了，根本就没有任何悬念。”
“Elder Sister Du’s cultivation base is in the great circle of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, so she’ll definitely take first place in this competition. There’s not even any suspense in the matter.”

“陈子昂师兄也不容小看，听说他一个月前修为突破，虽然不是凝气五层大圆满，可也接近了。”
“You can’t underestimate Elder Brother Chen Zi’ang, though. I heard that he had a cultivation base breakthrough last month. He might not be in the great circle of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, but he's close.”

四周人低声议论时，在杜凌菲不远处，一个神色傲然的青年站在那里，正是在任务处，被白小纯的竹木震撼的陈子昂。
Standing not too far away from Du Lingfei was an arrogant-looking young man, the same Chen Zi’ang who had been shocked by Bai Xiaochun’s bamboo outside the Missions Office that day. Even as everyone was discussing the matter, Chen Zi’ang looked over at Du

他看向杜凌菲时，目中也有异彩，心底琢磨着自己这一次第一是不可能了，不过第二的位置，非自己莫属，或许也能借助这个机会，与那杜凌菲再熟悉一下。
Lingfei with a strange gleam in his eyes. Although he wasn’t too confident in being able to take first place, he was pretty certain he could take second. Besides, he might also be able to take advantage of the situation to get to know Du Lingfei a bit better.

就在众人纷纷等待时，两道长虹从远处呼啸而来，刹那临近后，化作了李青候的身影，他身边还有一个老者，这老者干瘦，肤色略黑，但双眼却很明亮，整个人的感觉，似很严厉的样子。
It was at about this point that two beams of light whistled through the air from off in the distance. It was none other than Li Qinghou, followed by an emaciated old man. The old man had swarthy skin, but his eyes shone brightly, and he seemed like a very strict person.

李青候刚一出现，四周所有外门弟子全部心中一惊，连忙拜见。
The surrounding Outer Sect disciples were completely shocked to find that Li Qinghou would be in attendance at the competition, and quickly clasped hands in greeting.

“拜见掌座，孙长老。”
“Greeting, Peak Lord. Greetings, Elder Sun.”

一个个纷纷诧异掌座为何今天亲自前来，要知道以往的这种程度的小比，大都是孙长老一个人主持。
Everyone was flabbergasted that the peak lord would personally come to an event like this. Small competitions like this were almost always presided over by Elder Sun.

杜凌菲与陈子昂等人，也都吃惊，神色恭敬的拜见李青候。
Du Lingfei and Chen Zi’ang were also shocked, and had very serious expressions on their faces as they bow ed in greeting to Li Qinghou.

李青候神色温和的点了点头，目光扫过四周众位弟子时，却微微皱了一下，他没有看到白小纯。
Li Qinghou looked around benevolently, nodding. As he scanned the crowd of disciples, however, he frowned when he realized that Bai Xiaochun wasn’t there.

察觉李青候皱眉，四周外门弟子都心里咯噔一声，那是杜凌菲也都紧张，不知道掌座因何不悦。
When the surrounding Outer Sect disciple saw Li Qinghou frowning, their hearts began to thump. Du Lingfei instantly began to get nervous, unsure of why the peak lord might be displeased.

“掌座，可以开始了么？” 李青候身边的孙长老，缓缓开口。
“Shall we begin, Peak Lord?” asked Elder Sun, who stood next to Li Qinghou.

李青候正要说话，可就在这时，远处有一道身影，浑身上下如一个小球般，快速的跑来，一边跑还一边着急。
Li Qinghou was just about to reply when, all of a sudden, a sweat-soaked spheroid shape could be seen speeding toward them from off in the distance. “I got lost!” cried Bai Xiaochun as he ran along.

“迷路了，雾太大 ”白小纯快速跑了过来，一眼就看到了李青候，赶紧开口，心底也委屈啊，他毕竟对山顶不是很熟悉，这么大的山，雾又那么厚，他心里想着事，不知不觉就走错了路。
“It was too foggy” Not only was Bai Xiaochun very nervous, he also felt that the whole situation was very unfair. After all, he wasn’t very familiar with all the mountain paths, and considering how foggy it had been, he had simply gotten lost while thinking.

他话语一出，四周所有外门弟子都不由得看了过去，里面也有一些人认识白小纯，听到这句话后都忍不住低笑，至于那些不认识他的，纷纷皱起眉头，甚至也有几位眼中露出轻蔑。
As soon as the words left his mouth, all of the Outer Sect disciple involuntarily looked over. There were quite a few of them who were familiar with Bai Xiaochun, and when they heard the words he called out, they began to snicker. As for those who didn't know him, they frowned, and gleams of derision could be seen in their eyes.

在香云山能迷路，只能说明眼前之人平日里不到山顶来，根本就不关注宗门的比试，大都是在山峰中断转悠的寻常弟子而已。
As far as they were concerned, the only reason he could have for getting lost on the way to the competition was that he rarely ventured up to the top of the mountain, and didn't care much about the competitions that the sect held. Most likely, he was only used to strolling around for pleasure.

杜凌菲看了白小纯一眼，认出白小纯是前段日子宗门里追捧周心琪的弟子之一，听说抓偷鸡大盗时极为卖力，她心底不屑，收回目光，直接将他无视。
Du Lingfei looked at him, and remembered him as one of the people who had been chasing after Zhou Xinqi recently. Suppos edly, he had worked hard to catch the great chicken bandit. Du Lingfei immediately turned away in disdain, not willing to even look at him.

陈子昂在人群内，看到白小纯后一愣，他下意识的扫了眼李青候，心中想起数月前白小纯在任务处临走时说的李青候是他叔叔这句话，顿时明白了李青候方才皱眉的原因，心底琢磨着一会出手时，若遇到白小纯，不能把对方打的太狠了。
Chen Zi’ang looked at Bai Xiaochun in complete shock, and couldn't help but glance over at Li Qinghou. He hadn't forgotten what Bai Xiaochun had said at the Missions Office about Li Qinghou being his uncle. That would explain why Li Qinghou had been frowning right now, and after analyzing the matter, he realized that when fighting Bai Xiaochun, he would have to be careful not to beat him too ba dly.

李青候冷哼一声，狠狠的瞪了白小纯一眼，向着身边的孙长老微微点头。
Li Qinghou snorted coldly, glaring at Bai Xiaochun for a moment before nodding at Elder Sun.

孙长老若有所思，也看了白小纯一眼，笑了笑，大袖一甩。
Elder Sun looked thoughtfully at Bai Xiaochun for a moment, then laughed and waved his sleeve.

“好了，想要参与外门小比者，走上台来。”
“Very well. All disciples who wish to participate in the Outer Sect fighting competition, please step into the arena.”

看到李青候瞪自己，白小纯也委屈啊，可敢怒不敢言，此刻听到孙长老这句话，第一个冲了出去，站在台上，昂首挺胸，一副上刀山下火海，义不容辞的模样。
Seeing Li Qinghou’s glare caused Bai Xiaochun to feel more than ever that the situation was completely unfair. However, he didn’t dare to give voice to his sentiments. As soon as the words left Elder Sun’s mouth, Bai Xiaochun was the first disciple to leap up onto the platform, chest puffed out proudly, looking as though mountains of daggers and seas of flames couldn’t impinge on his honor.

很快众人上台，算上白小纯在内，一共二十位外门弟子。
Soon, all the contestants were in the arena. Including Bai Xiaochun, there were twenty in total.

这种香云山自己的小比，规则上没有那么严格，孙长老目光一扫，右手抬起时取出了一个布袋，里面有若干小球，各有标记，让这些外门弟子一个个上前各自掏出，来决定对战之人。
The rules for competitions like this one were fairly lax. Elder Sun looked at the contestants for a moment, then pulled out a small cloth sack, within which were a collection of marbles with numbers on them. One by one, the competitors filed over to take a marble, which would indicate the order in which they fought.

白小纯没有第一个上前，而是夹在中间，上前摸出一个小球，上面写着十一。
Bai Xiaochun didn't manage to get first in line. He got stuck in the middle, and when he pulled out his marble, it had the number 11 written on it.

“好了，都退下吧，第一场，一二战！”
“Very well,” Elder Sun said coolly. “Now, everyone step back so that the first match can begin. Fighters number one and two, prepare to begin!” Bai

孙长老淡淡开口后，白小纯连忙随着其他人都离开演武台，只有拿到了一球与二球的弟子，留在了台上，这二人相互看了看后，眼中都露出锐利之芒。
Xiaochun and the others quickly left the fighting arena, whereas the disciples with the number one and two marbles remained. As the two stared each other down, brilliant light began to shine in their eyes. Soon they began to fight, and the boom ing sounds of battle rang out.

很快就直接战在了一起，砰砰之声传出，二人争斗时，白小纯四下乱看，他内心暗道二十人比试，只要自己能胜利两场，就稳稳的前五了，于是想要寻找拿到十二球的弟子，可那些人一个个藏得很严，不给他丝毫机会。
Meanwhile, Bai Xiaochun’s mind was racing. He kept telling himself that, considering there were twenty people in this competition, all he had to do was win twice to make it into the top 5. He was also wondering who it was that got the number twelve marble, but no one was willing to reveal to everyone else which numbers they had, making it virtually impossible for him to determine who he would be fighting.

正沮丧时，第一场比试结束，第二场开始，出战之人是杜凌菲，这女子掐诀间一把旗帆出现，形成雾气，围困了与她交战的弟子，那位弟子转悠了半天也冲不出雾气，佩服的认输。
Even as his spirits began to fall, the first match ended, and the second began. Du Lingfei was one of the fighters in this match, and she immediately performed an incantation gesture, causing a banner to fly out, which then turned into a stream of mist that enveloped her oppon ent. After struggling a bit, the disciple couldn't escape, and conceded, filled with admiration for Du Lingfei.

第三场，第四场也很快过去，至于第五场则是陈子昂出手，干净利落的将与他对战的凝气四层的弟子击败。
The third and fourth matches went by quickly enough, and when it came time for the fifth match, Chen Zi’ang secured a quick and efficient victory over a disciple in the fourth level of Qi Condensation.

“十一球，十二球，出战。”
“Fighters number eleven and twelve, step forward and let the match begin,”

孙长老声音传出时，白小纯深吸口气，表情凝重的缓缓走出，站在了台上后，他看到了一个高瘦的青年，一脸冷笑的走出。
Elder Sun called out. Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and walked forward, a very serious expression on his face. After setting foot into the arena, he found that his oppon ent was a tall, gaunt young man with a cold smile on his face.

这青年修为不俗，也是凝气五层，目光如电，看起来就很不好惹的样子。
His cultivation base was extraordinary, in the fifth level of Qi Condensation. His eyes flashed like lightning, and ove rall, he seemed like the type of person who was not to be trifled with.

“师弟，遇到我，算你倒霉，现在认输还来得及，否则的话，斗法之后，伤势自付。” 干瘦青年冷声开口。
“Well, Junior Brother,” the gaunt young man said, his voice cold, “you have the bad luck to have run into me in the first round. It's not too late to concede. If you don’t, you’ll have to take responsibility for yourself if you get injured.”

他就在他话语传出的瞬间，白小纯这边猛地大吼一声。
However, in the instant that the words left the young man’s mouth, Bai Xiaochun suddenly let out a pow erful roar.

这吼声中气十足，震的四周不少人都吃了一惊，那干瘦青年一样心神一震，下意识的退后几步，再次看向白小纯时，却愣了一下。
The roar was so intense that everything shook, and quite a few audience members were shocked. The gaunt young man was also taken aback, and even backed up a bit without even thinking about it, staring at Bai Xiaochun with wide eyes.

只见白小纯大吼之后，一拍身上的青色玉佩，顿时厚厚的青光猛地出现，笼罩四周时，他还觉得不放心，又从储物袋内拿出了大把的符纸，全部拍在了身上，每一次符纸落下，就有光芒一闪，很快的，他身上的光有十多道，密密麻麻融合在一起，形成的防护之力，居然足有四尺多厚，远远一看，让人触目惊心。
After roaring, Bai Xiaochun slapped his jade pendant, causing a green glow to surround him. That didn’t leave him feeling safe, though, so he pulled out a big stack of paper talismans, which he rapidly stuck all over himself. Each time he did, they would emit a powerful glow, until he was covered with no less than ten individual shields. Their combined power transformed into a protective wall nearly a meter-and-a-half thick.


From a distance, the sight was completely shocking.


Because of all the protective shields, Bai Xiaochun’s subsequent shout was actually a bit muffled.

“来吧！”
“Alright, bring it on!”

白小纯的声音从那片防护之光内传出，音调都闷了很多。 干瘦青年呆了，不仅他这里如此，四周那些外门弟子，包括参赛的众人，全部都目瞪口呆，他们观看小比多次，这还是第一次看到防护到这种程度之人。
The gaunt young man was still staring blankly at Bai Xiaochun, and it wasn’t just him. The other Outer Sect disciples, including the other contestants, were all gaping in shock. In all the times they had observed competitions like this, they had never seen anyone use protective shields to such an extent.

李青候的脸上抽动了一下，目中露出无奈。
Li Qinghou’s face twitched, but from the look in his eyes, it was clear he could do n othing about the situation.

陈子昂倒吸口气，心底更加确定白小纯这边与李青候的的确确是亲戚关系，杜凌菲冷哼，目中不屑更多。
Chen Zi’ang took a deep breath as he grew even more certain that Bai Xiaochun and Li Qinghou were actually relatives. However, Du Lingfei simply gave a cold harrumph, and her derision increased.

演武台上，干瘦青年在这众目睽睽下，硬着头皮低吼一声，双手掐诀，立刻一把木剑飞出，直奔白小纯而去。
Everyone watched with wide eyes as the gaunt young man down in the arena let out his own roar, then performed a double-handed incantation gesture, causing a woode n sword to fly directly toward Bai Xiaochun.

第三十一章 耻辱啊！
0030 chapter-31

干瘦青年的木剑，掀起不俗的气势，化作一道长虹，直奔白小纯，可没等靠近他的身体，在白小纯的四尺之外，在那厚厚的防护之光上，这木剑就砰的一声，被弹了回来。
The gaunt young man’s woode n sword pulsed with a strange energy, streaking through the air in a prismatic beam, directly toward Bai Xiaochun. However, before it could even get close, a pinging sound rang out from the exterior of Bai Xiaochun’s thick meter-and-a-half shield as the woode n sword bounced off of it.

白小纯在防护之光内眼前一亮，顿时放心下来，干咳一声，索性盘膝坐下。
As soon as Bai Xiaochun’s protective shields flickered, his eyes glittered, and he breathed a sigh of relief. Clearing his throat, he actually just sat down cross-legged.

四周众人面面相觑，都看着白小纯身体外的防护，一时不知道该说些什么，他们见过擅长防御的，可却没见过 如此防护之人。
The audience exchanged confused glances. They weren’t really sure what to say in response to Bai Xiaochun and his extreme level of defense. They had seen people who focused on defense before, but had never seen anyone who shielded himself this much.

而那青年则是面色一阵红白变化，狠狠一咬牙，大吼一声，操控飞剑，使得那把木剑威力一下子暴增，直奔防护光幕而去。
As for his oppon ent, the young man’s face first flushed, then went pale. Gritting his teeth, he roared, sending his flying sword shooting toward the glowing shields, ratcheting up in power even as it shot through the air.

砰砰之声不断回荡，那把飞剑一次又一次的冲击，一次又一次的被弹飞，到了最后，干瘦青年面色苍白，体内的灵气都耗费了大半，眼中露出绝望。
A pinging sound rang out as the flying sword flew in again and again, but each time, it was sent spinning away. Finally, the pale-faced young man’s spiritual energy was more than half depleted, and a look of despair appeared on his face.

他与人斗法多年，这还是首次遇到这样如乌龟壳般的敌人，可心底不甘心啊，他这一次是为了争夺前三的，此刻扬天大吼，目中都出了血丝，向着白小纯怒吼。
He had been fighting in duels for years, but this was the first time he had encountered an oppon ent who hid like a turtle in a shell. However, he wasn’t willing to give in yet. He had joined the competition with the express purpose of taking 3rd place.

“你给我出来！”
Staring at Bai Xiaochun with bloods hot eyes, he furiously roared, “Get out from behind that shield!”

“你有本事进来！” 白小纯岂能害怕对方，闻言一样在防护光幕内向着对方以更大的声音吼道。
Bai Xiaochun wasn’t scared at all by this young man, so he didn’t have any reservations about staying behind the shield and shouting, “If you’re good enough, why don't you come on inside!”

四周众人一个个神色古怪，看向白小纯时，都露出哭笑不得，可那干瘦青年，却是气的青筋鼓起，咬牙喷出一口鲜血，那口血飞速融入木剑内，使得这木剑瞬间成为了血色。
Strange expressions appeared on the faces of everyone in the audience as they looked at Bai Xiaochun, not sure whether to laugh or cry. The gaunt young man was so angry that blue veins poppe d out on his forehead as he clenched his jaw. Finally, he bit his tongue and spit out a mouthful of blood. When it landed on his woode n sword, the entire thing turned the color of blood.


Discussion immediately broke out in the audience.

“血灵术！”
“Blood S pirit Magic!”

“竟用出了这种术法，看来此人是真的被气疯了！”
“For him to use that magical technique shows that he really has been driven to madness!”

四周人立刻传出惊呼，与此同时，那把血色的木剑，速度一下子暴增，威力更是扩大了一倍，血光弥漫时，直奔白小纯而来。
The blood-colored woode n sword moved even faster than before, and emitted double the pressure. Blood-colored light spread out in all directions as it shot toward Bai Xiaochun.

轰的一声，这木剑竟穿透了三寸光幕，不断地嗡鸣，可却再无法穿入丝毫，因用力太大，甚至木剑上都出现了一道道裂缝。
A boom rang out as the woode n sword pierced a full three inches into the shield. Rumbling could be heard as it tried to pierce further, but failed. In fact, because too much force was being exerted, cracks began to spread out over the sword.

眨眼间，咔咔之声回荡，这把木剑 居然在白小纯的防护面前，直接崩溃，成为了无数碎片洒落一地。
A moment later, a pop c ould be heard as the entire woode n sword s hattered into pieces, which slowly floated dow n to the ground.

干瘦青年双眼发直，喷出一口鲜血，体内灵气枯竭，法宝被毁，气的晕了过去。
The gaunt young man’s eyes went wide, and blood sprayed out of his mouth. His spiritual energy was vastly depleted, his magical item destroyed, and he was so furious he simply passed out.

李青候看着这一切，面色更为难看，孙长老也苦笑，上前看了眼干瘦青年，查出无碍后让人将其背走，这才咳嗽一声，宣布白小纯胜利。
As Li Qinghou watched the scene playing out, his face grew increasingly unsightly. Chuckling wryly, Elder Sun stepped forward, signalled for people to come carry the gaunt young man away, and then declared Bai Xiaochun the winner.

“承让承让！”
“Ah, he let me win!”

白小纯身体外的光芒瞬息消失，他神色肃然，昂首挺胸，一副天骄的样子，话语一出，被背走的干瘦青年，刚刚苏醒过来，闻言再次喷出一口鲜血，又昏了过去。
Bai Xiaochun said as the shield light around him faded away. Looking very solemn, he puffed his chest out and clasped his hands behind his back, looking every bit like a Chosen. As for the gaunt young man, as he was being carried off, he apparently heard Bai Xiaochun's words, regained consciousness, coughed up another mouthful of blood, and then passed out again.

白小纯干咳一声，向着孙长老一抱拳，转身小袖一甩，走下演武台。
Clearing his throat, Bai Xiaochun turned to Elder Sun and clasped hands. Then he flicked his sleeve and walked out of the arena.

他的身后，那些没参加比试的外门弟子还好说，神色只是古怪而已，可那些参与比试的弟子，则是一个个看向白小纯时，面色都很难看。
The Outer Sect disciples who had come to watch the competition took everything in fairly well. At most, they had strange looks on their faces. As for the contestants, they were looking at Bai Xiaochun with very unsightly expressions.

尤其是那些之前胜利之人，眼看干瘦青年都这样了，对于白小纯这里，不得不警惕。
That was especially true of the people who had already won their respective matches. When they compared the gaunt young man’s current condition with Bai Xiaochun, they couldn’t help but feel the need to be on guard.

比试继续，很快的，后面的那些弟子也都斗法结束，二十人参与，此刻两两对决，终于选出了前十。
The competition continued, and soon the rest of the matches were completed. Of the original twenty participants, half had been eliminated to produce the current top 10.

这前十里，杜凌菲、陈子昂都在，白小纯抬起下巴，看着四周同样是前十的众位同门，心底暗道。
That included Du Lingfei, Chen Zi’ang, and Bai Xiaochun, who stood there, chin stuck up, looking around at his fellow top 10 competitors.

“再赢一场，就成了！”
Inwardly, he was saying, “All I have to do is win one more match and then I’ll have succeeded!”

他觉得希望就在眼前了，立刻振奋。
Seeing hope right there in front of him, he felt quite excited.

“现在抉择前五，你等十人，重新来取排序小球。” 孙长老目光扫过十人，在白小纯这里顿了一下，缓缓开口。
Elder Sun looked over the ten contestants, his gaze lingering on Bai Xiaochun for a moment before saying, “The top 5 will now be selected. Would the ten of you please step forward to select your marbles.”

这一次白小纯是第一个冲过去的，从孙长老面前的口袋里，取出了一个数字是二的小球，看了数字后，白小纯立刻瞄向其他人。
This time, Bai Xiaochun scrambled to be first in line, and pulled out a marble with the number two written on it. Afterward, he immediately turned to study his fellow competitors.

很快所有人都抽完，当孙长老宣布一二战开始时，演武台上除了白小纯外，一个大汉也留了下来，这大汉身材魁梧，看到对手是白小纯后，大笑起来。
It didn’t take long for everyone to draw a marble, after which Elder Sun announced that the first two fighters were to begin their match. Bai Xiaochun was joined by a burly, muscular man who, upon seeing who he was fighting, began to laugh loudly.

“别人忌惮你的防护，但李某不在乎，李某擅长的就是防护，看看我们两个，到底谁可以坚持到最后！”
“Other people might fear your defenses, but I don’t care at all about them. I'm also adept with defense, so let's just wait and see which of us two can hold out for longer!”

大汉笑声传出时，右手抬起一拍储物袋，立刻取出一面小盾，灵气一吐，这小盾猛地胀大，散发黄光，笼罩他的四周。
Laughing, the man slapped his bag of holding to produce a small buckler. After imbuing it with some spiritual energy, the buckler grew larger and began to emit a yellow glow which completely surrounded the man.

没有结束，大汉低吼一声，全身肌肉立刻膨胀，整个人竟一下子生长了数寸，看起来更为惊人。
The man wasn't done yet, though. Roaring, his flesh and muscles expanded, and he even grew a few inches taller. The entire scene was quite shocking.

“居然是锻体术！”
“I can’t believe it's Body Forging Magic!”

“那小盾有些眼熟，莫非是需要九千贡献才可以换到的晨光盾！”
“That buckler looks familiar. Don’t tell me it’s a Dawnlight Buckler! That things costs 9,000 merit points!”

四周众人纷纷吃惊时，白小纯这里皱起眉头。
Everyone was shocked, and as for Bai Xiaochun, his brow was furrowed.

就连孙长老也在目睹这一幕后，微微点头，目中露出赞赏，对着身边的李青候低声开口。
When Elder Sun saw what was happening, he his head slightly, eyes shining with a look of praise. Turning to Li Qinghou, he said, “This kid is Li

“此子李山，修为凝气五层，更为难得的是天生神力，修行锻体术小成，不但力气增大，防护更是不俗。”
Shan, fifth level of Qi Condensation. He’ll be a difficult oppon ent, as he was born with godly power, plus cultivates the Body Forging Magic. Not only is he incredibly strong, he also excels in defense.”

李青候微微点头，目光扫向白小纯。
Li Qinghou slightly, then looked over at Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯眼看这大汉如同变身一样的气势，又看了看那小盾，认出了是他当初在宝器阁看到，却没有足够贡献换取的一件宝器，皱起眉头。
Bai Xiaochun was studying the burly man’s transformed body , and the shield he had. He recognized the shield from his visit to the Treasure Pavilion, and although he wasn't sure exactly how many merit points it cost, his frown deepened.

四周众人一个个目中露出感兴趣之意，尤其是那些参赛的弟子，大都幸灾乐祸。
Everyone watching the competition seemed very interested to find out what was going to happen, especially the other disciples in the competition, who were clearly pleased to gloat in the misfortune of others.

“这白净的师弟要倒霉了。”
“That fair-skinned disciple sure got unlucky.”

“侥幸胜出罢了，遇到了如此强敌，自然要被打回原形。”
“Well, he got super lucky before, that's all. Now that he's facing a powerful oppon ent like this, he’ll naturally get beaten back into place.”

就在这众人低声议论时，大汉狞笑，身体一晃，直奔白小纯大步走来。
As the audience discussed the developments, the burly man smiled viciously and then began to stride rapidly toward Bai Xiaochun.

“没办法了吧，我与你之前遇到的那位师弟不一样，我不需要攻击的利器，我的拳头，就是最好的术法！”
“There’s nothing you can do. I beat the last disciple I fought without even drawing a weapon. My fist is the most pow erful magical technique I have!”

他速度很快，掀起一阵风，眼看临近，白小纯目中精芒一闪，右手抬起向前一指，顿时储物袋内他的小木剑刹那飞出。
The man sped up, causing a wind to blast out. As he closed in, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glittered and he suddenly waved his finger, causing his little woode n sword to fly out from his bag of holding.

漂在了白小纯的前方，没有丝毫停顿，向着来临的大汉，蓦然一斩。
Without the slightest pause, it shot out in front of Bai Xiaochun toward the burly man.

这一斩，四周剑气扩散，覆盖方圆数丈，轰的一声，直接落下。
As it slashed toward him, sword qi built up for dozens of meters around the sword, causing rumbling sounds to echo out.

大汉面色瞬间大变，他的头皮似乎要炸开，双目收缩，一股强烈的危险充斥全身，身体毫不迟疑猛地后退，大吼一声，双手一挥，顿时身边的小盾直接阻挡。
The burly man’s face fell, and his scalp was tingling so hard it felt like it might explode. His eyes widened as an intense sensation of crisis washed through him. Without the slightest hesitation, he fell into retreat. Roaring, he waved bot h hands, sending his buckler out to block the sword.

轰的一声，这小盾阻挡在了木剑前方，可在彼此碰触的一瞬，却没有裆下丝毫，通体震动，直接被弹开，冲向大汉。
A boom rang out as the woode n sword and the little buckler slammed into each other. However, the buckler didn’t do anything to even slow down the woode n sword. It was blasted apart, and the woode n sword continued on toward the burly man.

大汉骇然，可他的速度再快，也快不过飞剑，眨眼间，这木剑就到了近前，寒风扑面，如同置身冰窟。
The man’s face was filled with shock, even if he were capable of dodg ing faster, it would do no good. The flying sword was on him in the blink of an eye, causing an icy wind to buffet his face.

“认输！” 大汉毫不迟疑的立刻吼出，声音都变了调。
“I concede!” he shouted without hesitation, his voice rising by a few octaves as he fell to the ground.

嗡的一声，木剑在大汉眉心停下，眨眼掉头，回到了白小纯的储物袋内。
A buzzing sound could be heard as the woode n sword stopped just in front of the man’s forehead, then turned and flew back into Bai Xiaochun’s bag of holding.

白小纯眨了眨眼，心里也被自己的木剑所惊，他之前只是自己练习，此刻才知道自己的一剑之力，居然到了如此威力，而这，还是他没有使出举重若轻之法的程度。
Bai Xiaochun blinked, also somewhat shocked by the woode n sword. Before, he had only practiced with it, and had no idea it was so powerful. And that was before he even began to utilize Lightness-in-Heaviness.

他眼珠一转，立刻抬起下巴，双手背在身后，淡淡的看着大汉。
After looking up in thought for a moment, he stuck his chin up, clasped his hands behind his back, and looked coolly at the burly man.

大汉面色苍白，可眼中却露出不甘心，爬起来后盯着白小纯。
The man’s face was pale white, and yet he still didn't seem to want to back down.

“仗着法宝威力，你就算是赢了，我也不服！”
Crawling to his feet, he glared at Bai Xiaochun and said, “Using the power of magical items doesn’t count as winning! I don’t accept this as being a defeat!”

大汉留下这一句话，转身走下演武台。
With that, the man turned and stalked out of the arena.

孙长老看了白小纯一眼，也被白小纯的木剑威力惊讶了一下，没有多说，宣布白小纯胜出。
Elder Sun looked over at Bai Xiaochun, also astonished by the power of the woode n sword. However, he didn’t say anything other to announce that Bai Xiaochun was the victor.

“哈哈，下一场，直接认输就是了，我辈修士，不都是为了长生么，打打杀杀太野蛮了，不是我白小纯要去做的。”
“Hahaha,” Bai Xiaochun laughed to himself. “In the next battle I’ll just instantly concede. I became a cultivator to live forever, right? All this killing and fighting is too barbaric.

白小纯心里美滋滋的，走下演武台，他已经完成了李青候的要求，如今怎么的也都进入前五了。
That’s not how Bai Xiaochun does things.” Bai Xiaochun left the arena, feeling wonderful at having complied with Li Qinghou’s requirement to get into the top 5.

李青候目光落在白小纯身上，别人只看到那把飞剑不俗，可他看的不是飞剑，而是方才白小纯操控飞剑时的游刃有余。
Li Qinghou’s eyes had also come to rest on Bai Xiaochun. Although everyone else had been focused on how incredible the flying sword was, Li Qinghou hadn’t been paying attention to that at all. He had been watching the skill and ease with which Bai Xiaochun controlled the flying sword.

眼看白小纯又胜了一场，四周众人对于他这里，都是连连感慨。
Seeing that Bai Xiaochun had won another match, the crowd began to sigh emotionally.

“此人有钱啊，那木剑极为不俗，哼，我若有这种法器，也能胜出！”
“Ah, this guy must be rich, that's why he has such an incredible woode n sword. Hmph. If he had any other weapon he definitely couldn't have won!”

“法器终究是外物，此人先是那些符咒，又是法器，真实的本领却荒废，日后定会吃到苦头。”
“Magical devices have nothing to do with your cultivation. First he used those amulets, then that sword. What a waste! He’s definitely going to go broke eventually.”


The grumblings didn't last for long though.


The next battle soon got underway.


Du Lingfei was fighting an oppon ent with an extraordinary cultivation base.

这种酸酸的议论还没有持续多久，之后的斗法里，在进行到最后一场时，杜凌菲的对手修为不俗，战力强悍，这一战杜凌菲不再使用帆旗，而是拿出了飞剑，二人争斗一番，看的四周人都眼花缭乱时，突然的，杜凌菲的飞剑居然速度一下子暴增，其速之快，竟直接出现在了其对手的面前。
It was a fierce fight, but Du Lingfei didn't use her banner. Instead, she utilized a flying sword. They fought back and forth in dazzling fashion until suddenly, Du Lingfei’s flying sword shot forward with incredible speed to appear directly in front of her oppon ent.

这种速度，已经超出了寻常弟子驭物之速，看的四周人全部愣住，而后一个个似乎想到了什么，顿时哗然。
Such speed vastly surpassed that which ordinary disciples could control, sending the audience into an uproar when people realized what they were seeing.

“居然是举重若轻！”
“I can’t believe it's Lightness-in-Heaviness!”

“杜凌菲她竟感悟到了如此境界 ”
“Du Lingfei has actually reached enlightenment of that stage”

“举重若轻！”
“It’s Lightness-in-Heaviness!”

孙长老双眼一闪，在那双目的深处，露出了惊喜，看向杜凌菲。
Deep within Elder Sun’s eyes, the glitter of approval could be seen as he looked at Du Lingfei.

李青候微微点头。
Li Qinghou also .

陈子昂也大吃一惊，其他前十的众人，纷纷如此，与杜凌菲对战的弟子，此刻苦笑一声，抱拳认输。
Chen Zi’ang was shocked, and most everyone else who had made it into the top 10 had similar reactions. As for her oppon ent, he chuckled bitterly and clasped hands to concede.

杜凌菲站在演武台上，傲然的看着四周，向着李青候与孙长老抱拳，这才走了下去。
Du Lingfei stood there in the arena, looking around proudly. Clasping hands toward Li Qinghou and Elder Sun, she left the arena.

人群内，哗然之声依旧没散。
The crowd was still in an uproar.

唯有白小纯这里，眨了眨眼。
However, Bai Xiaochun was left standing there, blinking.

“这种速度，就可以是举重若轻了？” 他有些诧异。
“That level of speed counts as Lightness-in-Heaviness?” he thought, astonished.

杜凌菲神色傲然，下了演武台，额头微微见汗，连续战了两场，她虽凝气五层大圆满，可还是损耗了一些灵气，尤其是方才那一战，与她对敌之人战力不俗，她最后不得不施展举重若轻之法，加大了灵气的消耗，才可以瞬间取胜。
As Du Lingfei proudly left the arena, slight drops of sweat could be seen running down her face. Despite being in the great circle of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, fighting two successive battles was quite a drain on her spiritual energy. That was especially true of the battle just now, in which her oppon ent had possessed unusual battle prowess.


In the end, she had been forced to unleash her magic of Lightness-in-Heaviness, which was an even bigger drain on her spiritual energy.

她的目标是第一，而后面的几场，对敌之人定会越来越强，且这种宗门的小比，在规则上没有那么严格，也不会给人太多时间去休息，于是她立刻取出一枚丹药吞下，闭目运转，争取一切时间去恢复。
That was how she had secured victory. Her goal was 1st place, and she knew that subsequent oppon ents would only be more powerful. Because this particular sect competition wasn’t very strictly organized, she wouldn’t have much time to rest before the next fight. Therefore, she immediately pulled out a medicinal pill, which she consumed, then closed her eyes and began to take advantage of the time to recover.

如今前五都已决出，除了白小纯与杜凌菲外，陈子昂也在其中，还有两位青年，二人修为不俗，也是凝气五层。
The top 5 now consisted of Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei, as well as Chen Zi’ang. In the end, there were two other young men, both of whom had profound cultivation bases in the fifth level of Qi Condensation.

此刻其他四人都在运转修为，争取用最快的速度恢复一些灵气。
Currently, everyone was in the process of rotating their cultivation bases, taking advantage of every oppor tunity to replenish some spiritual energy.

唯有白小纯根本就没有半点消耗，若无其事的站在演武台的另一侧，打了个哈气，一副让所有被淘汰的参赛者看到后，都恨不能揍他一顿的模样。
Only Bai Xiaochun didn’t seem to have spent any spiritual energy at all. In fact, he even stood off to the side yawning. When everyone else who had been eliminated from the competition saw that, it left them with the urge to beat him.

他已进入前五，完成了李青候的要求，对于接下来的比试一点也不在意。
Now that he had fulfilled Li Qinghou’s demand to get into the top 5, he didn’t care at all about the rest of the competition.

此刻闲着无聊，白小纯目光扫过其他四人，尤其是杜凌菲，白小纯觉得如果对方的速度，就已经是举重若轻了，那么自己这里，显然是要比此女速度更快不少。
Trying to suppress his boredom, he looked over at the other four top 5 competitors, especially Du Lingfei, musing that if the speed she had just unleashed counted as Lightness-in-Heaviness, then he was surely far, far beyond that.

“不过这小妞身上煞气太重，好好一个女孩，偏偏喜欢打打杀杀，莫非这修仙的女子，一个个都不正常？
“It’s too bad she has such an extremely murderous aura. Why would a good girl like that be so into fighting and killing? Don’t tell me that all girls who practice Immortal cultivation are weirdos like this?

周心琪太高傲，侯小妹性格变化太大。”
Zhou Xinqi is super proud, and Hou Xiaomei is way too moody .”

白小纯摇了摇头，正要收回目光时，杜凌菲似有所查，睁开双眸，冷冷的瞪了白小纯一眼。
Bai Xiaochun shook his head. He was just about to look away from Du Lingfei when she seemed to sense that he was looking at her. Her eyes suddenly snapped open to stare at him coldly.

对白小纯，杜凌菲原本就瞧不上，再加上两场比试在她看来，对方都是取巧胜出，心底更是轻蔑。
As far as Du Lingfei was concerned, Bai Xiaochun wasn't even worth thinking about. After watching his first two battles, she was of the opinion that he had pulled off lucky wins, which caused the derision in her heart to grow stronger.

“嗬呦，敢瞪我！”
“Well well, you dare to stare at me, do you?”

白小纯立刻不干了，他眼睛一样瞪起，看向杜凌菲，这种彼此拼眼神的事情，只要不是打杀斗血，白小纯长这么大，还从来没怕过谁。
Bai Xiaochun immediately ceased any motion of looking away. Instead, his eyes went wide as he glared right back at Du Lingfei. Staring contests didn’t have anything to do with fighting and bloods hed, so from a young age, he had met few people who could ove rcome him.

杜凌菲皱起眉头，她身后那些倾慕者，此刻也都不满，一个个全部狠狠的看向白小纯。
Du Lingfei frowned. As for the admirers who clustered behind her, they were very irritated, and cast ferocious glares in his direction.

“他们人多，好男不和女斗。” 白小纯一看对方这么多双眼睛，尤其是里面不少都有了凌厉，干咳一声，觉得自己一双眼睛有些势孤力薄，哼了一声赶紧收回。
However, seeing so many eyes staring at him, and considering that quite a few of them were extremely fierce, Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat. He only had two eyes, so how could he possibly match up? “Well, they have numbers on their side, and besides, true men don’t fight with girls.”


With a harrumph, he looked away.

就在这时，孙长老的声音在这演武场回荡。
About that time, Elder Sun’s voice rang out across the arena.


“Very good, all of you.

“很好，这一次外门小比，你们的表现非常不错，如今已决出了前五，那么就继续吧，你们五人上前抉择对战，取出排序为五的小球者，算作轮空，自动进入前三。”
This competition has gone very well so far. And now, we will continue to narrow down the competitors. Would the five of you please step forward and select a marble. One of those marbles is a free pass into the top 3.”

孙长老微微一笑，右手抬起一挥，口袋出现。
Smiling, Elder Sun produced the bag again.

这一次是陈子昂第一个上前，取出小球时皱了下眉头，他的小球上数字是四。
This time, Chen Zi’ang was first. After pulling out the marble, he frowned, his marble had the number four written on it.

杜凌菲也上前，取出了二球，余下的那两位外门弟子，也都分别取出，一个是一，一个是三。
Du Lingfei was next, who got the number two marble. The other two Outer Sect disciple got numbers one and three respectively.

都不用白小纯上前了，剩下的一个数字是五，算他轮空。
Bai Xiaochun didn’t even need to draw a marble, the remaining marble was the free pass.

白小纯眼中露出惊喜，呵呵一笑，抱着膀子站在演武台外，没有丝毫压力的看着杜凌菲四人，他原本都没打算继续比下去，可眼看自己什么都不用做，直接就进入前三。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes lit up, and he chuckled. He took his place outside of the fighting arena, arms folded, feeling completely relaxed as he prepared to watch Du Lingfei and all the others. He hadn’t even planned to continue on the with the competition, but now he didn’t have to do anything and he was already in the top 3.

“运气，也是实力的一部分！” 白小纯内心得意。
“Luck is a big part of strength!” he thought, feeling quite pleased with himself.

这种运气，让四周之人看向白小纯时神色更为古怪，不少外门弟子对他这里，很是不服气，尤其是那些被淘汰的参赛者，心底羡慕嫉妒，极为复杂。
That very luck caused quite a few audience members to stare at him with even stranger expressions on their faces. Most of them really couldn’t bear to accept the situation, especially the other disciples who had been eliminated, whose hearts were filled with jealousy and envy.

“这家伙太无耻了，凭着法宝进入前五也就罢了，居然还能轮空直接进入前三！”
“This guy is totally shameless. Alright, fine, he used a magical item to get into the top five, but then he actually got a free pass into the top three!”

“耻辱啊，此人的出现，是这一次小比里最大的耻辱！”
“How despicable. In fact, there’s never been someone as despicable as this to ever show up in the competitions.”

第三十二章 运气逆天
0031 chapter-32 It wasn’t just the audience.

不但是四周众人心底复杂，就连杜凌菲也都对白小纯的运气，有了嫉妒，陈子昂等人一样如此，他们四人进入前五，每一战都有消耗，如果这一次是他们四人里拿到了轮空的资格，休息一番，对于后面的战斗，必定会有极大的优势。
Even Du Lingfei was feeling a bit jealous of how lucky Bai Xiaochun had gotten. It was the same with Chen Zi’ang. The other four people who had reached the top 5 had all spend a lot of energy already. If they had managed to get the blank marble, it would have given them a bit of breathing room to rest, which would have been an immense advantage during the rest of the fighting.

孙长老看了白小纯一眼，微微一笑没有在意，至于李青候，神色如常。
Elder Sun looked at Bai Xiaochun and smiled, whereas Li Qinghou’s expression remained the same as before. Bai Xiaochun looked on excitedly as the next round of fighting began. Du

很快，在白小纯那副看热闹的模样下，杜凌菲四人开战了，杜凌菲的对手，出手带着凌厉，显然是经常外出执行一些击杀凶兽的任务，见过血腥，且对于杜凌菲这里的举重若轻，也是忌惮，出手时全身不但防护，更是速度飞快。
Lingfei’s oppon ent was a fierce disciple who frequently left the sect on missions to slay wild beasts, and was the type of person who was used to seeing a lot of bloods hed. On the other hand, Du Lingfei’s skill with Lightness-in-Heaviness was quite fear-inspiring. Not only did it provide her with powerful defensive capabilities, but she was also able to move with incredible speed.

二人这一战，四周人看的目不转睛，时而传出阵阵惊呼，被二人之间斗法的凶险心惊，只是 在这惊呼里，有一个尖细的声音格外明显，大有一副引领众人节奏的气势。
The audience was completely focused on the match, and occasional ‘oohs’ and ‘ahs’ could be heard. Both fighters were clearly in danger of being injured, and yet there happened to be a certain voice calling out, taking the lead in the cheering.

“啊，好剑！”
“Whoah! Nice sword move!

“这一招天龙扫尾好啊，不对啊，回头，快回头！”
“Look at that reverse Dragon Tail attack! Oh no! Look behind you! Quick, look behind you!

“加油！”
“Rah rah rah!”

白小纯看的很是投入，甚至还时而拍起了巴掌，他到不是故意这样，而是真心觉得杜凌菲这一战非常不错，至于心态上，他早就没把自己当成是参赛者了。
Bai Xiaochun was really getting sucked into watching the fight, to the point where he even started applauding at key points. It wasn’t an act either, he really was impressed by Du Lingfei's performance, and by now, had forgotten that he was actually one of the competitors.

那模样让孙长老都干咳几声，一旁的李青候面无表情，心底颇为无奈，毕竟白小纯真的完成了他的要求。
When Elder Sun saw what was happening, he coughed dryly. Li Qinghou’s face was completely expressionless, but inwardly all he could do was shrug his shoulders. After all, Bai Xiaochun had already accomplished the assigned task.

杜凌菲此刻交战劲敌，无暇分心，终于在这一战持续了约莫一炷香的时间后，杜凌菲尝试了三次举重若轻，这才取胜。
Facing such a powerful oppon ent, Du Lingfei had no time for distractions. She focused completely for the time it takes an incense stick to burn, and after using Lightness-in-Heaviness three times, she finally secured victory.


However, she ended up exhausting over half of her spiritual energy.

只是体内灵气已消耗大半，她香汗淋漓的下了演武台后，正要调养时，又听到了白小纯惊呼的声音，想到了自己辛辛苦苦才可以进入前三，而对方却不费吹灰之力就得到了与自己一样的成绩，心底委屈，恨不能将对方暴打一顿。
Sweating, she was just about to walk out of the arena to rest up a bit, when she heard Bai Xiaochun cheering her on. Then she thought about how incredibly difficult it had been for her to get into the top 3, whereas Bai Xiaochun had done it without any effort at all. Irritation rose up in her heart, and she wished she could simply blast him with a powerful attack right then and there.

白小纯眨了眨眼，他早就发现这杜凌菲看自己不顺眼，此刻心底也很委屈，眼巴巴的看着对方，这模样，让杜凌菲险些没忍住要立刻出手。
When Bai Xiaochun noticed that Du Lingfei was glaring at him angrily, he blinked a few times, feeling a bit offended. Then he glared back at her, which seemed to push Du Lingfei to the point where she almost couldn’t restrain herself from attacking.

陈子昂的那一战，相对来说就轻松了一些，虽然如此，也战了半柱香的时间，耗费了一些灵气，这才取胜。
Chen Zi’ang’s next fight went a bit smoother. However, he still fought for about the time it takes half an incense stick to burn, and wasted quite a bit of spiritual energy.

对于白小纯这里，他心底一样是各种嫉妒羡慕。
He was also feeling quite envious of Bai Xiaochun. “We now have a top 3. All three of you are Outer Sect celebrities.” Elder

“前三已出，你们三人都是外门 骄子，上前来选择下一轮排序，序列三号的小球，算作轮空，自动进入决战。”
Sun cleared his throat. “Please come to determine the fighting order. This time, the number three marble counts as the blank marble. Whoever picks it will advance directly to the final match.”

孙长老干咳一声，说道骄子上顿了一下，右手挥舞，口袋再次出现。
Elder Sun waved his hand, causing the bag to appear once again.

这一次陈子昂还是第一个走了过去，取出一个小球，看到上面的数字是二后，他心底叹息一声，走到了一旁。
Chen Zi’ang was the first in line this time, and when he pulled out the marble and saw the number 'two’ written on it, he sighed and stepped off to the side.

杜凌菲深吸口气，正要上前，忽然脚步停顿，冷眼看向白小纯。
Du Lingfei took a deep breath as she stepped forward. But then she stopped in place and turned icily to Bai Xiaochun.

“你先来！” 她冷声开口。
“You go first!” she said coldly.

白小纯在一旁正看热闹，听到杜凌菲的话语，也没拒绝，直接上前右手伸入口袋内，此刻杜凌菲冷眼看着白小纯，不但是她这里如此，四周的所有围观弟子，都纷纷看去。
Bai Xiaochun, who had been watching the exciting fights this entire time, didn’t refuse. He reached into the bag as Du Lingfei looked on with an icy expression. It wasn’t just her that was waiting to see what would happen, all eyes in the audience were fixed upon Bai Xiaochun.

就连孙长老与李青候也都这样。
Even Elder Sun and Li Qinghou were craning their necks.

在这众目睽睽之下，白小纯有些害羞，他是真的不在乎拿出多少号，于是很随意的抓了一个小球，拿出来一看，自己也都愣了一下。
Being the focus of attention in this way caused Bai Xiaochun to feel a bit embarrassed. Actually, he didn’t even really care which marble he pulled out, and yet when he finally did remove his hand, his eyes went wide with shock.

三号。
Number three.

“那个，是你让我先拿的啊。” 白小纯咳嗽一声，看向身边的杜凌菲。
Bai Xiaochun looked back at Du Lingfei, coughed dryly, and said, “Um, hey, you asked me to go first.”

杜凌菲眼中露出凶芒，握紧了拳头，狠狠的盯着白小纯，胸脯强烈的起伏，只觉得有一口气在体内似要炸开。
Eyes gleaming ferociously, Du Lingfei clenched her hands into fist and stared murderously at Bai Xiaochun. Her chest rose as she took a deep breath, she seemed to be on the verge of exploding.

陈子昂睁大了眼睛，整个人都呆了一下，他无法想象到底一个人有多么大的运气，居然 又轮空了。
Chen Zi’ang’s eyes went wide, and his jaw dropped. The idea of someone being so incredibly lucky simply exceeded his imagination. Yet again Bai Xiaochun would skip an entire match.

四周的围观弟子，此刻一个个看到白小纯手中的小球，再也压抑不住，顿时哗然起来。
When the surrounding disciples saw the marble in Bai Xiaochun’s hands, they couldn’t restrain themselves. Instantly, a huge commotion broke out.

“居然又轮空了！
“He advances automatically again!

他叫白小纯是吧，他 他到底什么运气啊，竟轮空两次！”
His name is Bai Xiaochun, right? How how could he be so lucky? He got the blank marble twice in a row!”

“这无耻的家伙，他什么也没干，居然进入了决战 ”
“How shameless of this guy! He hasn’t done anything, and yet has made it all the way to the final match”

“这种人也能进入决赛，该死的，若我有这种运气，我也可以！”
“How could a guy like that make it to the finals? Dammit, if I was as lucky as that, I could do the same thing!”

四周人哗然时，里面那些被淘汰的参赛者，更是嫉妒到了极致。
Everyone was in an uproar, and the people who had been eliminated from the competition earlier seemed especially envious.

孙长老迟疑了一下，看向李青候，李青候心底长叹一声，对于白小纯这里的运气，他也是服了。
Elder Sun hesitated for a moment and then looked over at Li Qinghou. Li Qinghou let out a long sigh, he had to admit that Bai Xiaochun really had gotten lucky.

白小纯觉得四周气氛不对，尴尬的笑了笑，赶紧一溜烟的跑出演武台，站在外门，一脸不好意思的神情。
In Bai Xiaochun’s mind, there was no reason for the crowd to react in such a way. Smiling awkwardly, he hurried out of the arena, standing outside with an embarrassed look on his face.

“唉，我原本是打算认输的 ”白小纯看了眼手中的小球，也觉得不可思议。
“Ai. I was planning to concede anyway” he thought, looking incredulously at the marble in his hand.

杜凌菲深吸口气，好半晌才压下心底的各种酸楚，银牙一咬，看向陈子昂时，不得不定气凝神，陈子昂这里，她之前观察过，知道是个强悍的劲敌。
Du Lingfei took a deep breath to suppress her extreme irritation. Gritting her teeth, she looked at Chen Zi’ang, simultaneously settling her qi and clearing her mind. She had done her homework on Chen Zi’ang, and knew that he was a very pow erful oppon ent.

陈子昂苦笑，也深吸口气，认真的凝望杜凌菲。
Chen Zi’ang smiled bitterly, taking a deep breath as he gazed back at Du Lingfei.


After staring off for a few breaths of time, they sprang into action.

二人对望数息，瞬间齐齐动了，一时之间乒砰之声回荡四周，这一战可以说是比试以来，最为精彩的斗法，陈子昂更是爆发出了全部实力，尤其是他取出数枚种子，竟现场催化成为具备攻击力的灵植，那种运用草木的方式，让白小纯眼前一亮。
Almost instantly, boom s and bangs began to ring out. This was actually the most spectacular fight in the entire competition so far. Chen Zi’ang erupted with his full power, going to the lengths of throwing out some seeds, which he then catalyzed into full-grown plants with attack pow ers. When Bai Xiaochun saw him use his skill in plants and vegetation in such a way, his eyes glittered.

而杜凌菲这边，举重若轻之力操控飞剑呼啸而过，甚至久战之下，竟再次取出一把木剑，两把飞剑穿梭，形成绞杀的一幕，瞬间让这场斗法，到了巅峰。
As for Du Lingfei, she used Lightness-in-Heaviness to send her flying sword whistling through the air. After they had fought for a bit, she then produced a woode n sword, which swirled about in conjunction with the ordinary flying sword, turning the battlefield into an even more spectacular scene than before.

二人都无法去保留杀手锏，也难以去控制灵气的消耗，争斗越来越剧。
The two of them couldn’t keep using their trump cards for very long, and were rapidly running out of spiritual energy. The fighting only continued to grow more bitter.

白小纯在台外看的心驰荡漾，叫好之声此起彼伏。
Bai Xiaochun was watching excitedly, whooping and hollering the entire time.

这一战，竟斗了小半个时辰，最终一声轰鸣，杜凌菲不惜废掉一把木剑，使得木剑碎裂，成为无数木尖，凭借举重若轻的速度，直接封住陈子昂的所有方向，形成了绝杀，逼得陈子昂连连后退，体内灵气枯竭，长叹一声，选择了认输。
The battle went on for about an hour, until a massive boom rang out as Du Lingfei pushed the woode n sword so hard that it exploded. The resulting fragments were then propelled by Lightness-in-Heaviness in a huge attack that Chen Zi’ang simply couldn't dodg e. He was forced into retreat and ended up drawing on all of his spiritual energy.


Finally, he sighed and conceded.

四周的外门弟子眼看这一战惨烈，纷纷目中露出敬佩，对于杜凌菲，已都服气，即便是陈子昂，也因这一战崛起。
The surrounding Outer Sect disciples were quite impressed by the intense battle, and their eyes gleamed with admiration as they gazed at Du Lingfei. They were now fully convinced of how amazing she was. As for Chen Zi’ang, his reputation also improved because of the fight.

他虽然败了，可必定在之后的日子里，名气传出。
Even though he had lost, he was sure to become even more famous in the days to come.

孙长老也颇为满意，尤其是对杜凌菲，甚至动了一丝收为弟子的心。
Elder Sun seemed quite pleased, and was even considering taking Du Lingfei on as a personal apprentice.

同样的，不管这小比最后如何，白小纯的名字，也会被传出
At the same time, no matter how the competition ended, Bai Xiaochun’s name was also sure to spread

当陈子昂认输的声音回荡时，杜凌菲面色苍白，站在演武台上摇摇欲坠，她的灵气一样快要枯竭，此刻深吸口气，取出丹药吞下，但也明白这是没用的，补不了多少，她如今需要的是盘膝打坐数个时辰，毕竟她已连续斗法四次。
The moment Chen Zi’ang called out that he conceded, Du Lingfei slumped in place in the middle of the arena, her face pale. She was swaying back and forth in exhaustion, her spiritual energy almost completely depleted. Taking a deep breath, she produced some medicinal pills which she instantly consumed. However, she knew that the pills would only replenish so much, and she could only recover completely by sitting cross-legged in meditation for several hours.


After all, she had just fought four battles in a row.

只是小比的规则，不会给弟子这么多休息的时间，毕竟这只是小比而已。
However, according to the rules of this type of competition, the disciples were not given very much time for rest. After all, it was only a small-scale competition.

“白小纯，你给我上来！”
“Bai Xiaochun, get out here!”

杜凌菲一咬牙，眼中露出凶芒，看向场外的白小纯，她想趁着此刻灵气还没彻底枯竭，直接解决了这该死的凭着运气居然与自己一样进入决战的白小纯。
Du Lingfei said through gritted teeth. Her eyes gleamed with a ferocious light as she looked at Bai Xiaochun standing outside of the arena. She wanted to take advantage of the little bit of spiritual energy she had to defeat this damnable Bai Xiaochun, who had gotten into the final match only by pure luck.

杜凌菲话语一出，四周众人全部看向白小纯，一个个目光都露出幸灾乐祸之意，在他们看来，即便是杜凌菲疲惫不堪，可要收拾这取巧胜出的白小纯，一样容易。
As soon as the words left Du Lingfei’s mouth, everyone in the audience turned to look at Bai Xiaochun, eager to gloat in his misfortune. In their minds, even if Du Lingfei was bone tired, Bai Xiaochun had only achieved victory by random chance, and she would be able to defeat him easily no matter the circumstances.

白小纯眨了眨眼，看着身体都有些站不稳的杜凌菲，他忽然觉得，似乎自己 可以拿第一了。
Bai Xiaochun blinked a few times, then looked at Du Lingfei standing there unsteadily, and suddenly realized that he could actually take 1st place.

“这一次，我白小纯终于可以扬名立万了，等我上去后，展开举重若轻，要让四周所有人都惊呼。”
“This is the time for Bai Xiaochun to finally become super famous. Once I go out there and use my Lightness-in-Heaviness, then everyone is going to be completely shocked.”

白小纯昂首挺胸，脑子里已出现了一会所有人吃惊的画面，于是迈着大步走上演武台。
Puffing his chest out proudly, he strode into the arena, envisioning the scene of everyone reacting in shock to his win.

可就在白小纯上台的刹那，杜凌菲眼珠寒芒一闪，右手猛地掐诀一指，顿时她身边的那把木剑，冲向白小纯。
However, the instant his foot touched down, Du Lingfei’s eyes flickered coldly, and she suddenly performed an incantation gesture and pointed out. Instantly, her flying sword shot toward Bai Xiaochun.

凌厉之意明显散出，使得四周瞬间有了冰寒之感，显然这是杜凌菲此刻全部灵气的全力一击，也就使得这一剑，威力超出寻常。
A brutal air emanated off of the flying sword, sending intense coldness out in all directions. Clearly this one attack was backed by all of the spiritual energy Du Lingfei could muster, causing the sword to emanate incredible pressure.

更为惊人的，是杜凌菲身体也在这一瞬，猛地冲出，竟追上飞剑，一指按在剑柄后，她的身体几乎与飞剑要融在一起，不分彼此的成为一体，直奔白小纯。
Even more shocking was that Du Lingfei flew into the air behind the sword, almost as if she were about to merge with it and become one.

轰的一声，飞剑速度顿时暴增，速度之快，竟比方才与陈子昂斗法时还要超出几分，掀起尖锐的呼啸，甚至似要破开风声，化作一道长虹，刹那临近白小纯。
A boom rang out as the sword accelerated toward Bai Xiaochun with shocking speed, a speed that vastly exceeded the speed she had used when fighting Chen Zi’ang. A piercing whistling sound echoed out as it became a prismatic beam that bore dow n on Bai Xiaochun.

四周人也都全部心神震动，被这一剑吸引，纷纷惊呼。
Everyone watching was completely shocked by the sword move, and began to cry out in shock.

“一剑飞仙！”
“Solitary Sword, Flying Immortal!”

“杜师姐居然练成了这一式剑决！”
“I can’t believe Elder Sister Du is actually using that sword incantation!”

孙长老双眼猛地一亮，李青候也微微点头，他二人自然看出杜凌菲的实际上没有练成此决，而是在如今这体内灵气油尽灯枯时，强行展开，凭着一口灵气，居然勉强发挥出此剑决的威力。
Elder Sun’s eyes gleamed brightly, and Li Qinghou . Both of them could tell that Du Lingfei had actually never successfully pulled off this sword incantation. However, at this point in the battle, when her spiritual energy was virtually depleted, she managed to succeed. Using her last bit of energy, she just barely managed to unleash the sword incantation.


“By putting everything on the line, she gained enlightenment of the sword incantation,” Li Qinghou said, eyes gleaming with admiration.

“孤注一掷下，明悟了此剑决之意，这杜凌菲不错，此女实际上更适合青峰山。”
“This Du Lingfei isn’t bad. She actually seems more suited to the cultivation of Green Crest Peak.”

李青候目中露出赞赏。 这一刻，此地所有外门弟子，全部心神震动，似乎眼前的所有景物都模糊了，只有杜凌菲与飞剑似融合在一起的身影，格外的清晰。
All of the Outer Sect disciples were completely shaken. Everything seemed to turn into a blur, except for Du Lingfei and her flying sword, which merged together into a picture of perfect clarity.

剑在呼啸，人随剑走，化作这惊人的一击，杜凌菲神色疲惫，可目中却露出锐利之芒，她非常有把握与信心，这一剑，必定胜出。
The sword whistled through the air, followed by the sword wielder, becoming a powerful attack. Du Lingfei looked exhausted, but her eyes gleamed with a sharp light. She was extremely confident that this sword move would secure her the victory.

就在这时，在这把飞剑与杜凌菲临近白小纯的刹那，白小纯双眼一缩，全身轰的一声，玉佩也好，符咒也罢，全部爆发出来，形成了一层层防护，身体快速后退。
In almost the exact same instant that the flying sword and Du Lingfei closed in on Bai Xiaochun, Bai Xiaochun’s pupils constricted. Rumbling sounds then echoed out as all of his numerous defensive assets erupted out layer by layer, including the jade pendant and all the amulets.

但这飞剑显然不是凡品，竟直接穿入这片防护内，层层而过，虽速度急速骤减，也没有使得防护光幕崩溃，可还是将其彻底穿透，剑尖直接就刺在了白小纯的身上。
At the same time, he flew backward at top speed. The flying sword was clearly not an ordinary object, and it quickly began to pierce through the shields. It stabbed through layer after layer, collapsing all the defensive shields until it actually reached Bai Xiaochun himself.

可却似乎没有了余力，在刺入白小纯身上时，如被卡住，随着白小纯的退后，那把剑随着他的身体摇晃，从破损的外衣内可以看出，里面赫然有一层层皮衣。
However, by that point, it didn't seem to have much energy left. Before it could actually stab into him, it got stuck. Even as he flew backward, the sword keeping pace, it was possible to see the layers of leather clothing he was wearing.

看到这一幕的四周众人，纷纷目瞪口呆，一个个倒吸口气。
When the audience realized this, their jaws dropped, and they gasped.

“这 这白小纯，他身上居然还有防护！”
“B-Bai Xiaochun has so many defenses!”

“这家伙得多么怕死啊，至于么，一个宗门小比而已，不但防护法器，符咒，他身上竟还穿着皮甲！”
“How terrified of dying is this guy? Is it really worth it? He actually used magical items and talismans for a little competition like this? And on top of all that he wore leather armor?”

杜凌菲面色苍白，眼看对方后退的如同一个被踩了尾巴的兔子，不但飞快，更是插着自己的飞剑，她咬牙掐诀一指，就要操控飞剑拽回，可她灵气本就枯竭只剩下了一丝，此刻任凭她如何操控，那飞剑都是之颤抖，可却无法被拽出。
Du Lingfei’s face was pale white as she watched Bai Xiaochun running away like a rabbit whose tail had just been stepped on. Not only was he moving with incredible speed, her sword was still stuck in his clothing. Gritting her teeth, she performed an incantation gesture and pointed out in an attempt to drag the flying sword back to her. However, she had so little spiritual energy that all she could do w as make it tremble a bit.

到了最后，杜凌菲急了，体内灵气再次运转时，还没等把飞剑拽回，嘴角就溢出了鲜血，踉跄退后几步，站不稳身子，坐在了地上，面色煞白，体内灵气彻底干枯。
She tried one last time, but even as she tried to circulate her spiritual energy, blood began to ooze out of the corners of her mouth, and she staggered backward several paces, where she stood unsteadily for a moment before dropping down to sit on the ground. Her face was deathly pale, and her spiritual energy was completely drained. In her heart, she felt that it was a big injustice.

她心中升起无限的委屈，想着自己辛辛苦苦终于到了前二，可这白小纯轻轻松松，甚至灵气都没怎么消耗，内心的不忿，化作了愤怒，咬牙盯着白小纯，如果眼神可以杀人，白小纯一定被她灭杀了无数次，如果她还有力气，她甚至都会上去咬白小纯一大口。
She had struggled so hard to get into the top 2, whereas Bai Xiaochun had done almost nothing. In fact, he hadn’t even used any of his spiritual energy. Her irritation quickly turned into rage, gritted her teeth, she stared murderously at Bai Xiaochun, wishing she could kill him several times over. In fact, if she had the energy, she would go over and bite him.

白小纯深吸口气，后退的速度极快，他也没想到这杜凌菲居然还有这一招。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath as he sped backward in retreat, he had never imagined that Du Lingfei would actually use a move like the one she had.

而且自己的防护居然被击穿。
Unexpectedly, all of his defenses had been pierced.

“他奶奶的，好在我来的时候多了个心眼，在身上穿了七八件皮袄。”
“Fudge, it's a good thing I was thinking straight and put on eight leather jackets.”

白小纯低头看了眼插在自己肩膀上的飞剑，这飞剑穿透防护后，力量已卸，又被七八剑坚韧的皮衣阻挡，最后落在他的皮肤上时，力度已所剩无几。
He looked down at the flying sword sticking into his shoulder. It was now completely devoid of any energy, and was stuck fast within all the layers of leather. By the time it actually reached his skin, it had nothing left to push it any further.

以他的不死皮，甚至连蚊虫叮了一下的感觉都没有。
Furthermore, thanks to his Undying Skin, when it actually touched him, it didn’t even match up to a mosquito bite.

白小纯心有余悸，看了眼插在肩膀上的飞剑，一把将这剑拽了下来，瞄了眼气喘吁吁坐在那里死死盯着自己的杜凌菲。
Fear lingering in his heart, Bai Xiaochun eyed the sword and then carefully pulled it out. Then he glanced over at Du Lingfei, who was sitting there gasping for breath.

“师姐，乱扔宝器是不对的，这把剑，你不要了啊？
“Elder Sister, you really shouldn’t throw your treasures around like this. Do you want this sword or not?

你既然不要了，那我就要了啊。”
If you don’t want it, then I’ll take it.”

白小纯美滋滋的把手里的飞剑扔在了储物袋，随后取出小木剑，正准备展开自己的举重若轻，好让所有人惊呼。
Looking extremely pleased, he put the flying sword into his bag of holding, then took out his own little woode n sword. Just as he was about to launch an attack, people in the crowd began to cry out in alarm.

“你 ”杜凌菲眼看自己的飞剑被白小纯拿走，眼睛都红了，整个人要发狂，怒极攻心，竟生生的被气晕了过去。
Seeing Bai Xiaochun take her flying sword caused Du Lingfei’s eyes to be shot with blood. “You” she said. Just as she was about to flip out completely, she passed out.

这已是此番小比，被白小纯气晕的第二个人了。
She was the second person in the competition to faint because of Bai Xiaochun.

“咦，怎么又晕了？”
“Eee? What did you go and faint for?”

白小纯看着晕倒的杜凌菲，拿着小木剑颇为无奈。
Bai Xiaochun looked at the unconscious Du Lingfei, and then back at his little woode n sword.

第三十三章 打倒白小纯！
Finally, he shrugged. 0032 chapter-33

四周的外门弟子，还有那些被淘汰的参赛者，一个个顿时都同仇敌忾，向着白小纯发出大吼。
The surrounding Outer Sect disciples, especially the ones who had been eliminated from the competition early on, glared at Bai Xiaochun angrily. Many people even began to shout out.

“无耻，白小纯你太无耻了！”
“Shameless! You're completely shameless, Bai Xiaochun!”

“如此取胜，我等不服！”
“Winning that way doesn't count and we all know it!”

“打倒白小纯！”
“Disqualify him!”

眼看众人声音激烈，白小纯听的心惊肉跳，暗道这个时候就算施展举重若轻，也平息不了众人的怒火，估计还会有反效果，让人觉得自己更无耻 于是赶紧看向孙长老。
Everyone joined together in their rage, causing Bai Xiaochun to instantly grow jumpy with fear. He also realized that showing off his Lightness-in- Heaviness ability wouldn’t abate the crowd’s fury, and in fact, could potentially lead to worse consequences, and cause them to call him even more shameless Instead, he turned to look at Elder Sun.

“孙长老，我是第一啊，你快宣布啊。”
“Elder Sun, I got 1st place, right? Could you go ahead and announce it?”

孙长老苦笑，一旁的李青候长叹一声，他怎么也没想到，让白小纯来参加这次小比，居然会是这么一个结果。
Elder Sun smiled wryly in response. As for Li Qinghou, he sighed, how could he ever have imagined that requiring Bai Xiaochun join the competition would result in him taking 1st place? Elder Sun shook his head and chuckled.

“呃 也罢，此番小比，白小纯，第一！”
“Uh well I guess I might as well. Bai Xiaochun has taken 1st place in the competition!”

孙长老苦笑摇头，话语传出时，四周人纷纷怒视白小纯。
In response, everyone stared furiously at Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯觉得自己虽然很厉害，可这么多人 他被看的心中发毛，正要走下演武台，赶紧离开这危险的地方时，杜凌菲那边被人救醒，她呼吸急促，死死的盯着白小纯，猛地咬牙切齿的尖声开口。
Bai Xiaochun was of the opinion that he was actually pretty powerful, but considering how many people there were his heart began to prickle with fear. Just when he was about step out of the arena and leave this dangerous location, Du Lingfei, with the help of some bystanders, regained consciousness and sat back up.

“白小纯，此番小比，我杜凌菲不服！”
Panting, she glared angrily at Bai Xiaochun, gritted her teeth, and then cried, “Bai Xiaochun, I refuse to admit defeat!

“你既成为第一，那么这个第一我杜凌菲给你，可我对你个人不服，你敢不敢与我再比一次！”
“You might have taken 1st place, but that's only because I let you have it. And that doesn’t change how much I hate you. Do you dare to have another fight?”

白小纯呵呵一笑，脚步不停，心想自己有毛病才会去和这疯女人再比一次，万一对方又晕了怎么办。
Bai Xiaochun gave a sarcastic chuckle and kept walking. In his mind, he would be crazy to fight with this deranged woman again. Besides, what would happen if she passed out again?

“我不与你比斗法，我等都是外门弟子，也是香云山的药童，我与你比草木造诣！”
“I won’t fight you with magic,” she continued. “Besides, as Outer Sect disciples, we’re both apprentice apothecaries of Fragrant Cloud Peak. Why don’t we compete in skill with plants and vegetation?”

杜凌菲盯着白小纯，一字一字的说道，声音里带着决心。
Du Lingfei glared at Bai Xiaochun the entire time, and when she spoke, her words were spoken slowly and decisively.

“你若赢了，那把青松剑，你可以带走，否则的话，今日之事，我杜凌菲日后与你没完！”
“If you win, you can keep that Pinewood Sword of mine. But if you don’t agree, then you’ll regret it!”

白小纯脚步一顿，听到比草木造诣，转头看向杜凌菲，迟疑了一下。
Bai Xiaochun stopped walking. Having heard skill with plants and vegetation mentioned, he couldn't help but turn his head to look back at Du Lingfei.


Seeing that Bai Xiaochun had stopped and was apparently hesitating, she resisted the impulse to unleash a savage attack, and quickly continued, “Bai

“白小纯，你若能在草木造诣上赢我，这根凌云香，你也可以拿走！”
Xiaochun, if you can defeat me in terms of skill with plants and vegetation, then you can even have this Cloudsoaring Incense!”

杜凌菲一看白小纯停下，看出白小纯迟疑，眼中露出恨意，甚至有种要虐杀白小纯的冲动，担心对方不敢比，于是直接从储物袋内取出一根青紫色的香。
With that, she produced a stick of bluish-purple incense.

此香刚一被取出，立刻有阵阵灵气散开，四周的那些外门弟子，看到这凌云香后，纷纷目中露出羡慕。
As soon as the incense appeared, it began to pulse with spiritual energy, and the surrounding Outer Sect disciples’ eyes instantly gleamed with envy.

“一阶灵药，凌云香 这是一阶灵药里很不错的了，价值不菲，对于凝气七层以下有奇效！”
“A tier-1 spirit medicine! Cloudsoaring Incense it's a really remarkable tier-1 spirit medicine. Definitely very expensive, and useful for anyone under the seventh level of Qi Condensation!”

“这应该是杜凌菲花费了不少的代价，为了突破凝气五层准备的 ”
“Du Lingfei must have spent a lot of merit points on that in preparation for breaking out of the fifth level of Qi Condensation”

“杜师姐草木造诣在万药阁前三座石碑，都是名列前二十的人物，这白小纯输定了！”
“Elder Sister Du’s skill with plants and vegetation got her into the top 20 of the first three stone steles outside the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion. Bai Xiaochun is definitely going to lose!”

白小纯也立刻认出这凌云香，此药在草木第三篇上讲解一株凌云草时，曾介绍过功效，顿时心动了，尤其是听到四周人说对方在万药阁石碑是前二十，他不由得眼睛一亮。
Bai Xiaochun instantly recognized the Cloudsoaring Incense, which he had read about when studying the introduction to cloudsoaring grass in the third volume of plants and vegetation. He was instantly moved, and that was even before he heard everyone mention that Du Lingfei was only in the top 20 on the stones steles, after which his eyes gleamed.


Taking a few steps back, he stammered, “Y-you’re you’re really in the top

“你 你真的是草木石碑前二十？”
20 on the stone steles of plants and vegetation?”

白小纯想要确定一番，退后几步问道。
He actually just wanted to confirm that what he had overheard just now was true.

“你到底比不比！”
“Are you going to compete or not?”

杜凌菲咬牙说道。
Du Lingfei said through gritted teeth.

“可我只学了草木前三篇 ”白小纯迟疑道。
“But I’ve only studied the first three volumes” he said hesitantly.

“就和你比前三篇！
“That’s what I’m talking about! Compete with me in the first three volumes!

你敢不敢！”
Come on, I dare you!”

杜凌菲觉得自己要炸了，怒吼。
Du Lingfei was so angry she felt like she was about to explode.

“比 我比还不行么。”
“Fine I’ll compete!” he said. “Happy?”

白小纯一听这话，哭丧着脸回答，可心底都乐开花了，觉得眼前这妹子，真是傻乎乎的。
Although he looked as though he wanted to cry, inwardly, his heart was blooming with flowers of joy. He couldn’t help but think that this girl really was a bit dim-witted.

众人一听白小纯的话，立刻起哄，杜凌菲也是深吸口气，此刻体内灵气虽没有恢复多少，但体力却恢复了一些，狠狠地瞪了一眼白小纯后，她上前几步，向着孙长老抱拳一拜。
As soon as the crowd heard Bai Xiaochun's words, they began to boo and heckle him. Du Lingfei took a deep breath, sucking in quite a bit of spiritual energy, which stabilized her a bit. Glaring angrily at Bai Xiaochun, she stalked forward to Elder Sun, then clasped hands and bow ed.

“弟子杜凌菲，请长老见证我与白小纯此番草木之战。”
“Elder, Disciple Du Lingfei requests that you bear official witness to a battle of plants and vegetation between myself and Bai Xiaochun.”

孙长老对于眼前这杜凌菲，越看越觉得不错，闻言摸了摸胡须后，含笑开口。
Elder Sun’s opinion of Du Lingfei was increasing by the moment. He stroked his beard for a moment before smiling and saying, “Very well.

“也好，今日老夫就在这里做个见证，既然是比草木造诣，不如掌座来出题如何？”
I shall bear witness. However, since we are speaking of skill with plants and vegetation, perhaps it would be better for the peak lord to decide the nature of the challenges.”

孙长老看向李青候。
He looked over at Li Qinghou.

李青候闻言，深深的望了一眼白小纯，然后也点了点头。
Li Qinghou looked deeply at Bai Xiaochun for a moment, then .

如此一来，四周弟子立刻振奋，就连杜凌菲也都激动，向着李青候再次一拜。
The surrounding disciples were now quite excited, as was Du Lingfei, who turned to Li Qinghou, clasped hands and bow ed.

这种不用打打杀杀，还能出风头的比试，白小纯最喜欢了，此刻站在那里，他也不再哭丧着脸，而是抬起下巴，一副傲然如天骄的模样，看的四周众人更是不顺眼，杜凌菲也都对他冷哼一声。
Bai Xiaochun was also very pleased that he wouldn’t have to engage in any dangerous fighting to make a name for himself. He stood there, no longer looking like he was about to cry, but rather, chin stuck up, looking arrogantly out at the crowd in the same way a Chosen would. Du Lingfei snorted coldly. At this point, Li Qinghou glanced at Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei, then began to speak, his voice cool, “The Dao of plants and vegetation is unpredictable.

“草木之道，变化莫测，虽然只是前三篇的内容，可依然存在了诸多变数，今日我出两道题，看你们谁能胜出。”
Although we will limit things to the first three volumes, those volumes contain numerous variables. Today I will present you with two challenges. We shall see which of the two of you can secure victory.”

李青候淡淡开口，目光扫过白小纯与杜凌菲，右手抬起在储物袋上一拍，手中已多出了两枚种子。
With that, he tapped his bag of holding and produced two seeds.

“我手中是两枚花种，以灵气催化，配合你们的草木造诣，出灵花最多者，算第一轮胜出。”
“These two flower seeds can be catalyzed with spiritual energy. The level of your skill with plants and vegetation will determine how many spirit flowers bloom. This is how we will decide the winner of the first round.”

李青候右手一甩，这两枚种子分别飞向白小纯与杜凌菲。
Li Qinghou waved his hand, sending the two seeds flying to Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei respectively.

杜凌菲一把接住，正迟疑时，李青候弹出一枚丹药，直奔杜凌菲，被她拿住后一愣。
Du Lingfei caught the seed without any hesitation. At the same time, Li Qinghou sent a medicinal pill flying her way, which she also caught, a look of shock appearing on her face.

“此丹可让你修为顷刻恢复。”
“Take that pill to restore your cultivation base,” Li Qinghou said calmly. Du

李青候的声音平静传来，杜凌菲立刻惊喜，感谢之后连忙吞下，也就是几个呼吸的时间，她全身一震，双目内露出灵动之芒，体内修为在这一瞬，全部恢复。
Lingfei’s face lit up. After expressing her thanks, she consumed the pill. After a few breaths of time passed, she trembled, and her eyes began to shine brightly, her cultivation base had been completely restored.

白小纯在一旁看到这一幕，心底有些不忿，可却不敢说些什么，看了眼手心内的灵种，没有立刻催化，而是拿在眼前仔细的辨认。
Bai Xiaochun wasn’t very happy with that, but he didn't dare to say anything. Instead, he looked down at the spirit seed lying in his palm, and began to study it closely. “Don’t recognize it?” Du Lingfei said, sneering.

“你若认不出来，我可以直接告诉你，这是蓝灵花的种子。”
“Well I can tell you that it’s a bluespirit thistle seed.”

杜凌菲轻蔑的看了白小纯一眼，不再理会，双目闭合，体内灵气蓦然运转，融入手中，直奔种子一丝丝的涌入。
With that, she completely ignored Bai Xiaochun, closing her eyes and circulating her spiritual energy, which she then poured into the seed in her hand.

很快的，她手心内的种子发出翠绿的芽，飞快的成长，不多时就到了一尺的高度，开出了一朵蓝色的灵花后，这灵植又继续生长起来。
Almost immediately, an emerald green sprout climbed up from the seed. It grew rapidly until it was about one-third of a meter tall. Then, it bloomed with a blue spirit flower, and began to grow even taller.

到了这个时候，白小纯才收回看向种子的目光，若有所思。
Bai Xiaochun looked over at what was happening, and then turned his attention back to the seed, which he continued to study thoughtfully.

李青候一直在观察白小纯，看到这一幕后，他的目中深处，露出一抹外人难以察觉的惊讶。
Li Qinghou was watching Bai Xiaochun the whole time, and soon, a virtually undetectable flicker of surprise could be seen deep in his eyes.

在白小纯这沉思的过程中，四周的外门弟子一个个都看着杜凌菲，看到她手中的灵植，在这一刻长到了二尺的高度，开出了第二朵花。
While Bai Xiaochun stood there thinking, all of the surrounding Outer Sect disciples were watching Du Lingfei. The plant in her hand was two thirds of a meter tall, and already had a second flower. By the time Bai Xiaochun sent some spiritual energy into the seed, Du

当杜凌菲手中的灵植，开出第三朵话时，白小纯体内灵气动了，直奔种子涌入，并非是维持平稳，而是时断时续，甚至在种子发芽后，他还吹出一口气，将那些几片呀吹散。
Lingfei’s spirit plant had already already sprouted with three flowers. Bai Xiaochun didn't maintain a steady flow of spiritual energy, but rather, sent it into the seed in fits and bursts. In fact, when the seed sprouted, he even blew the first few sprouts away with a breath of air.

时间流逝，一炷香后，杜凌菲面色微微苍白，可却狠狠一咬牙，一口气将手中的灵植，直接开出了六朵蓝花后，这才松了口气，将灵植放在一旁，向着李青候一拜。
After enough time had passed for an incense stick to burn, Du Lingfei’s face was ashen, and she was gritting her teeth. With her final bit of energy, she caused a sixth blue flower to sprout, after which she breathed a sigh of relief. Placing the plant down next to her, she clasped hands and bowed to Li Qinghou.


Li Qinghou .

“灵花六朵，可算佳品，不错。”
“Six spirit flowers, all of them superior-grade. Nice job.”

李青候点了点头。 杜凌菲心中满意，看向白小纯时，发现对方手中的灵植还不到一尺，目中的轻蔑更多。
Feeling very pleased with herself, Du Lingfei looked over at Bai Xiaochun. When she saw that his spirit plant wasn’t even one third of a meter tall yet, her sneer widened.

四周的那些外门弟子，此刻一个个都振奋。
The surrounding outer Sect disciples were getting very excited.

“不愧是杜师姐，这蓝灵花开六朵，非同寻常，那白小纯此刻一朵花都没出，真是废物。”
“Elder Sister Du definitely deserves her reputation. That bluespirit thistle bloomed with six flowers. That’s incredible! Bai Xiaochun hasn’t even caused one flower to bloom.

“这种催化的比试，首先是观察什么种子，然后则是按照不同种子的生长规律去催化，杜师姐在这方面，已登堂入室了。”
He’s completely good f or nothing.” “A competition of plant catalysis first involves studying the seed, and then using unique catalysis methods to cause it to grow. In that regard, Elder Sister Du is really at the head of the pack.”

众人正说着时，白小纯手中的灵植，渐渐到了一尺的高度，紧接着，一朵有些干瘪的蓝色小花开出，与杜凌菲的蓝花比较，似乎营养不良的样子，就在众人想要嘲笑时，突然的，明明是一尺高度，可却有第二朵蓝色小花绽放，紧接着第三朵，第四朵，第五朵，第六朵，第七朵
In the middle of all the conversations, Bai Xiaochun’s spirit plant gradually reached a height of one third of a meter. Next, a somewhat shrivelled blue flower appeared. Compared to Du Lingfei’s flowers, it looked rather malnourished, and even elicited some laughs from the crowd. But then, all of a sudden, a second blue flower appeared on the short plant.


Next was a third, a fourth, a fifth, a sixth, and a seventh

短短的几个呼吸的时间，白小纯手中的灵植，竟出现了整整九朵！
In the space of a few breaths, Bai Xiaochun’s spirit plant bloomed with nine flowers!

这一幕，让四周众人全部大吃一惊，纷纷不可思议的仔细看去。
This instantly led to widespread shock and disbelief. Du Lingfei was staring at what to her was a completely unimaginable scene.

“蓝灵花一尺一花，怎么可能一尺九花！” 杜凌菲也愣了一下，觉得此事匪夷所思。
“Bluespirit thistle blooms with one flower every third meter. How could this plant have nine flowers when it's only a third of a meter tall!”

可这一切还没有结束，就在这九朵蓝色的小花出现后，白小纯双眼一闪，深吸口气，猛地吐出，这一口气蕴含了灵息，落在这九朵小花上，眨眼间，这九朵花齐齐一颤，颜色居然肉眼可见的改变，直接成为了青色！
However, things weren’t over yet. Even as the nine small blue flowers appeared, Bai Xiaochun closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and then suddenly exhaled sharply. That one breath contained spiritual energy which settled onto the nine flowers and, in the blink of an eye, caused them to begin to shiver and change colors.

青出于蓝而胜于蓝！ “这 这不是蓝灵花！”
No longer were they blue, but rather, indigo! Indigo starts out as blue, but its color is deeper and more profound!

四周众人里，顿时有人认出，睁大了眼，带着震撼。
As soon as people realized what was happening, their eyes went wide with astonishment.

“青灵花，这是与蓝灵花在种子时，几乎难以被辨认出不同的青灵花，且它们的催化方式完全不同，如果按照蓝灵花去催化，那么出现的就是蓝灵花，浪费了花种！”
“That’s that’s not a bluespirit thistle!” “Indigospirit thistle! It’s indigospirit thistle, the seed of which is very difficult to distinguish from that of the bluespirit thistle! In fact, if you use the catalysis method for bluespirit thistle in indigospirit thistle, you’ll actually produce a bluespirit thistle, except you’ll have wasted the seed!”

众人全部吃惊，看向白小纯时，都难以置信。
Everyone was shocked, and were starting at Bai Xiaochun in disbelief.

白小纯此刻睁开眼，把手中的青灵花放在一旁，呵呵一笑，背着小手，看着杜凌菲。
Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes, then placed the indigospirit thistle off to the side. Chuckling sarcastically, he clasped his hands behind his back and looked at Du Lingfei.

他对于草木的造诣，已是到了一种无法形容的程度，仔细一看，就立刻看出了不同，这种程度的辨认，对他而言简单的很。
His skill with plants and vegetation had already reached an indescribable level. After studying the seed for a while, he had noticed the differences, and was easily able to tell what type of seed it was.

杜凌菲脸色变化，有种被人一巴掌打在脸上的感觉，身体退后几步，看了眼自己的蓝灵花，又看了眼白小纯的青灵花，只觉得脸上火辣辣的，自己方才还去高傲的指点对方，可转眼间，一切证明，是自己浪费了花种。
Du Lingfei’s face flickered, to her, it felt as if someone had just slapped her across the face. She staggered backward a few steps, looking first at her bluespirit thistle and then at Bai Xiaochun’s indigospirit thistle. Suddenly, her face flushed with heat. Earlier, she had berated Bai Xiaochun for his lack of knowledge, but then, moments later, he had proven definitively that she had wasted the seed.

“这白小纯一定是运气好，我看的是蓝灵，而他看的是青灵，定是这个缘故，不是他能辨认出来！”
“This Bai Xiaochun is definitely extremely lucky,” she thought, grinding her teeth. “I assumed it was a bluespirit thistle, and he guessed that it was an indigospirit thistle. Well, that was just a lucky chance on his part, not him actually identifying the seed!”

杜凌菲咬牙暗道。
“Bai Xiaochun takes the first round,” Li Qinghou said coolly.

“第一轮，白小纯胜出，这花种的确不是蓝灵，而是青灵，看似一样，但纹路有些许不同，只是若不入微，很难发现，容易混淆。”
“That truly was the seed of an indigospirit thistle, not a bluespirit thistle. They look similar, but some of the veins grow differently. Without studying it down to the finest detail, it's easy to confuse them.”

李青候淡淡开口，看了眼白小纯，右手抬起一挥，手中出现了一株灵草。
Looking over at Bai Xiaochun, he waved his hand again, causing a spirit plant to appear.

这灵草很特殊，居然有四种颜色，九片叶子各个不同，开出两朵花，一个黑，一个白，似乎具备灵性，竟相互摇晃不断地撞击，仿佛要将对方压制，外表浑然一体，可仔细去看，能发现一些后天嫁接出的痕迹。
It was very unique, with four colors, and nine leaves of different shapes. It also had two flowers on it, one black and one white. The flowers almost seemed in sentient, as they were constantly struggling with each other, as if they wanted to suppress each other. Although the plant seemed like one single plant, if you looked closely you would see the signs that it had been grafted together.

“第一轮考的是催化，那么这第二轮，就主考辨认吧，我手中这株灵植，由多种灵草嫁接出来，你们说出正确数量最多者，胜出。”
“The first round was dedicated to catalysis. As for the second round, it will focus on identification. This particular spirit plant has been grafted together from numerous other plants. Whichever of you can correctly guess the greatest number of graft materials will be the winner.”

李青候将这株灵草漂浮在了前方，目光落在白小纯身上，想要看看这个被自己带入宗门的孩子，是否能继续让自己吃惊。
Li Qinghou sent the grafted plant floating out in front of him, then looked over at Bai Xiaochun. Considering he had brought Bai Xiaochun into the sect, he was very curious to see what other surprising things he could do.

杜凌菲银牙一咬，她觉得自己之前是疏忽了，此刻前所未有的认真，拿出一枚玉简后，走到灵草身边。
Du Lingfei gritted her teeth. In her mind, she had just been careless moments ago. Now, she was unprecedentedly focused. Taking out a jade slip, she walked up to the spirit plant.

白小纯目中露出感兴趣之意，也走了过去，二人仔细的看了很久，不时在玉简上记录，片刻后，杜凌菲揉了揉眉心，退后几步，面色阴晴不定的望着白小纯，她看出了八种，其他的任凭她如何去辨认，也认不出来。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes gleamed with interest as he also stepped forward and began to examine the plant, occasionally making notations in a jade slip. A moment later, Du Lingfei stepped back, rubbing the bridge of her nose. Then she looked over at Bai Xiaochun with a grim expression on her face. She had identified eight types of plants.

可白小纯那里，不但没有结束观察，反而双眼渐渐冒光，甚至滋滋有声，绕着灵草转了好几圈，时而还惊呼一声，仿佛发现了什么惊喜。
The others were types she didn’t recognize. However, Bai Xiaochun wasn't finished. His eyes were glowing even more brightly as he buzzed around the plant in circles. Occasionally he even cried out in surprise, as if he had just noticed something very interesting.

“还可以这样？”
“Wow, you can do that?

“这是 有意思！”
“Well this this is very interesting!”

四周众人寂静，都看着白小纯，他们也不相信白小纯之前是凭本事认出，大都觉得白小纯是运气好，直接当成青灵花去催化了。
The crowd looked on silently. None of them believed that Bai Xiaochun could identify any of the plants, and in fact, most of them were convinced that the reason he had catalyzed the indigospirit thistle was simply luck. “Faker!” Du Lingfei thought.

“装，你继续装！”
“Yeah, you just keep on pretending!”

杜凌菲心底不服，越看白小纯越觉得厌恶。
Inwardly, she was starting to feel uneasy, and her hatred for Bai Xiaochun only continued to grow.

时间流逝，一炷香后，白小纯依旧没有结束，他是真的彻底投入了，都忘记了还在比试，这种嫁接出的灵草，仿佛打开了白小纯脑海里对于草木造诣的另一扇大门，使得他所掌握的那数万种药草，仿佛不再是一个个单独的存在，而是于脑后中融合在了一起。
Enough time had passed for an incense stick to burn, and Bai Xiaochun was still going. He really was completely absorbed in what he was doing, and had even forgotten that he was in a competition. Seeing a grafted plant like this had seemingly opened up a huge door in his mind regarding skill with plants and vegetation. All of a sudden, he realized that the tens of thousands of medicinal plants he was familiar with were not just useful on their own, but could actually be mixed together.

许久，白小纯才恋恋不舍的退后，望着灵草时，目中露出痴迷与赞叹。
Eventually, he backed up reluctantly, eyes shining with fascination and admiration.

李青候与孙长老二人对望一眼，李青候忽然开口。
Li Qinghou and Elder Sun exchanged a glance, and then Li Qinghou said,

“好了，现在你们二人，说出所认出的灵草吧，杜凌菲，你先来。”
“Very well. The time has come to reveal which spirit plants you’ve identified. Du Lingfei, you go first.”

杜凌菲一咬牙，取出玉简，当先开口。
Du Lingfei gritted her teeth, then pulled out her jade slip and began to speak.

“弟子只看出了八种，分别是水天纹，寒一根，地龙果，晨雾草 最后则是黄土精！”
“I saw eight types of plants, including waterheaven rhubarb, coldsole root, earthdragon fruit, dawnfog lichen” She continued on until she reached the final medicinal plant. “Sealwort flower!”

说完，杜凌菲看向白小纯，她不信白小纯能超越自己，要知道八种虽看似不多，可实际上在近乎完美嫁接的药草上辨认，难度极大，能认出八种已绝对不少。
With that, Du Lingfei looked over at Bai Xiaochun, certain that he would never be able to surpass her. Of course, although eight didn’t seem like a lot, it was an incredibly difficult task to identify the various elements of a perfectly grafted medicinal plant like this. Eight was actually quite a bit.

“哼，若这白小纯也无耻的说是八种，那么玉简可以为证！” 杜凌菲冷笑暗道。
“Hmph. If Bai Xiaochun is shameless enough to say the same eight plants,” she said coldly, “then we can can consult the jade slips as proof!”

白小纯咳嗽一声，眼看众人都望着自己，于是小袖一甩，拿出方才记录灵草的玉简。
Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat, looked around, then flicked his sleeve and pulled out the jade slip that held his notes.

“杜师姐的八种就不说了，除此之外，弟子看出了六十七种药草，可惜其中有三十一种不认识，能认出的，只有三十六种。”
“Let’s forget the eight plants that Elder Sister Du mentioned. Other than those, I saw a total of 67 types of medicinal plants. Unfortunately, there were 31 that I couldn't identify.


That means that in the end, I identified 36.”

白小纯刚说到这里，还没等说完，四周弟子全部惊呼失声。
His words instantly sent the surrounding disciples into an uproar.

“六十七种，这怎么可能！”
“36? How is that possible!”

“这种辨认，能认出七八种已是极限，怎么可能会认出数十种之多！”
“7 or 8 should be the limit. How could he possibly have identified doz ens?”

杜凌菲盯着白小纯冷笑，她才不信对方所说，此刻断定这白小纯要去瞎蒙了。
Du Lingfei glared coldly at Bai Xiaochun. She simply didn't believe his words, and assumed that he was going to just randomly guess the types of plants.

“白师弟何不说是有三万种，这样的话，你将草木前三篇都背一遍，一定能蒙对不少。” 杜凌菲讥讽道。
“Junior Brother Bai,” she said sarcastically, “why don’t you just say there were 30,000 types of plants? That would cover everything in the third volume of plants and vegetation, so at least you would be certain of guessing a few right.”

第三十四章 草木碾压
0033 chapter-34

杜凌菲的话语，让四周观望的外门弟子，立刻哄笑，他们根本就不相信白小纯在这草木造诣上可以比的过杜凌菲。
All of the Outer Sect disciples in the audience snickered in response to what Du Lingfei had just said. None of them believed that Bai Xiaochun’s skill with plants and vegetation could pos sibly match up to hers.

尤其是白小纯最后说出的话，在他们听来，根本就是不可能的，这分明就是在瞎蒙一样。
That was especially true after hearing the last thing he said, which seemed completely unbelievable. Obviously, Bai Xiaochun was just going to blindly guess at the grafted plants.

“若这白小纯真的看出，那么他的草木造诣，在前三篇里，足以与周心琪师姐比较了，这怎么可能！”
“If Bai Xiaochun really can identify all those types of plants, then his skill with the plants and vegetation of the first three volumes would put him on the same level as Elder Sister Zhou Xinqi! How could that be possible?”

“此人故弄玄虚，真是让人厌烦，这一次定要将他揭穿！”
“Ah, he's just being cryptic to confuse everyone. This guy is so annoying! At least he’ll finally be exposed as a fraud!”

眼看四周众人嘲笑不断，白小纯站在那里，皱起了眉头。
As everyone jeered and mocked Bai Xiaochun, he stood there, frowning slightly.

“你们说完了没有。” 他的神色渐渐冰冷下来，他是真的生气了，若是打斗的话，他不会如此，可对于一个立志成为伟大药师的人来说，在草木这方面的质疑，让他觉得是这是一种羞辱。
“Are you people finished yet?” he said, his expression ice cold, true anger finally burning in his heart. If this were a combat situation, he wouldn’t feel like that. But considering his grand aspiration of becoming a master apothecary, for people to doubt his abilities with plants and vegetation was a huge insult.

“你们可以质疑我的运气好，可以质疑我的法宝多，但在这草木之道上，不要以你们浅薄的见识，去看这整个天地！”
“You can say I’m just lucky, and you can say I won because of my magical items. But when it comes to the Dao of plants and vegetation, don't think that your superficial knowledge enables you to see the length and breadth of heaven and earth!”

他声音传出，神色严肃后，瘦小的身体竟不知觉的给人一种挺拔山峰之感，他冰冷的神情，更是让此地那些外门弟子，在嘲笑中纷纷一愣。
When his voice echoed out, solemn and serious, his slight frame suddenly seemed more like a towering mountain. The cold way he looked at the Outer Sect disciples caused their laughter to turn into stares of shock.

就连杜凌菲也都怔了一下，此刻的白小纯，与之前的样子相差太大，仿佛换了一个人。
Even Du Lingfei was taken aback. The Bai Xiaochun in front of her right now seemed like a completely different person than the one from before.

“这株灵植，姑且称呼它为黑白花吧，里面有金银根，天黄叶，水罗草，九地果，螺纹肉，边云花，寻风茎，含阳果 ”白小纯冷哼一声，袖子一甩，此刻的他不再是如之前般给人一种乖巧但又可恨的模样，他背着手，冷眼望着四周众人，慢慢的似有一股说不出去的气势，竟在他的身上出现。
Bai Xiaochun snorted coldly and then flicked his sleeve. Abandoning his normally charming yet aggravating demeanor, he stood with his hands clasped behind his back, looked around coldly, and then began to speak, radiating a strange, indescribable energy. “This spirit plant, which I’ll tentatively refer to as a black-white orchid, contains goldsilver root, heavenyellow leaf, watery netgrass, ninelands fruit, spiral pulp, bordercloud bloom, searchwind stalk, yang-soaking fruit”

随着他话语的传出，他身上的气势越来越强，四周众人一个个都神色诧异。
As he continued to speak, that energy grew stronger and stronger, leading to strange expressions on the faces of the spectators.

尤其是杜凌菲，眉头紧锁，仔细的看着灵植，白小纯所说的那些药草，她都知道，全部都是草木前三篇所记录的，可偏偏她无法在这灵植上看出丝毫。
That was especially true of Du Lingfei, whose frown deepened as she looked over at the spirit plant. She was familiar with all of the medicinal plants that Bai Xiaochun referenced, which were indeed from the first three volumes of plants and vegetation, and yet she couldn’t see any evidence whatsoever that they existed within the grafted plant. Du Lingfei snorted, still completely unconvinced that Bai Xiaochun was actually identifying the grafted plants.

“看来你是真的要把草木前三篇都背一遍，这样你的确蒙中的比我多，你若真能一个不剩的背下来，那么你赢这一场，我也认了。”
“Seems like you really are just going to recite a bunch of random plants from the first three volumes of plants and vegetation. If you can actually recite all of those plants from memory, then I guess I’ll have lost, and in fact, I’ll admit defeat.”

杜凌菲冷哼一声，她依旧还是不相信白小纯是真的辨认出来。
Everyone began to once again ridicule and mock Bai Xiaochun.

“没错，你若有本事，把草木前三篇都背一遍，自然就是你赢了！”
“Yeah, that’s right. If you’re good e nough, then why don’t you recite the entire first three volumes of plants and vegetation? Then you’ll definitely win!”

“故弄玄虚，什么浅薄的见识，什么观看天地，我看你才是浅薄，认不出就直接承认，在那里装神弄鬼，让人瞧不起！”
“Trying to seem cryptic, huh? Superficial knowledge? The length and breadth of heaven and earth? You’re the one with the superficial knowledge.

四周众人也都冷笑讥讽。
If you don’t recognize the plants, just say so.

白小纯冷眼看向杜凌菲，又看了看众人，忽然笑了，收回目光，他淡淡开口。
There’s no need to try to pull a fast one. How despicable!” Bai Xiaochun looked coldly at Du Lingfei, then back at the crowd.

“百草根，三十年成百草，取其经脉烘焙，填入灵水，嫁接在天荒叶上，可成此地斑点。”
Then he laughed, looked back and the plant, and continued, “Grow hundredgrass root for thirty years until it becomes fullgrown hundredgrass. Remove the stalks and veins, roast them, then soak them in spirit water. After that, graft them onto skybleak leaf, and you end up with this distinctive spotting pattern.” Bai

白小纯右手一指，一股指风落在了灵植上，露出了一片叶子下的一个细微的斑点。
Xiaochun waved his hand, causing a slight gust of wind to lift up one of the leaves on the plant, revealing a distinctive spotting pattern.

“天荒叶，每九叶融在一起，化作一叶，吞噬白灼花而成长，它在这里！”
“Nine skybleak leaves have been combined into a single leaf, and then fed whiteburn flowers as they grew. You can see that right here!

“白灼花，百年以下不成花，百年花开一瞬间，百息内立刻嫁接四叶参上，便可滋养天荒叶，这多白色的花，就是白灼！”
“Whiteburn flowers only bloom once they reach one hundred years of age. When they do, you have only one hundred breaths of time to graft them onto a clover ginseng, which you can use to feed the skybleak leaf. This white flower here is obvi ously a whiteburn flower!

“四叶参，用灵火温烤，使其叶枯萎，精华融入参体，可促进平贝子的发育，融合归一！”
“Clover ginseng, when roasted with spirit fire, eventually withers, infusing the ginseng with the essence of the leaves. That will then aid in the growth of flatshell seed, and the two can be combined!

“还有平贝子 ”白小纯声音平静，每一句说出，都会指风一扫，在那灵植上找出嫁接的痕迹，说的非常仔细，甚至连方法都说了出来，四周众人开始还都是带着嘲讽的神情，可渐渐嘲讽不见了，一个个面色纷纷变化，随后呼吸急促，陆续的大变，到了最后四周每一个外门弟子，竟都露出难以置信的神情。
“Then, that flatshell seed” As Bai Xiaochun spoke, he gestured grandiosely, pointing out the various parts of the spirit plant which contained the evidence he referred to. His descriptions were very precise, and even included the various techniques involved. Soon, the looks of scorn faded away, and everyone began to breathe heavily. Faces fell, and eventually, all the Outer Sect disciple had looks of disbelief on their faces.

尤其是更有几人，直接骇然失声。
There were even some people who cried out aloud with shock.

“这不可能！”
“This is impossible!”

“天啊，怎会如此！”
“Heavens, how could he be doing this?”

白小纯每一句话回荡，都如同无形的巴掌，直接轰在这些人的身上，此地众人都是药童，之前他们看不出灵植上的秘密，可眼下在白小纯如此详细的介绍中，他们全部都立刻认了出来。
Each and every statement uttered by Bai Xiaochun was like an invisible palm slapping these people. After all, all of them were apprentice apothecaries. Earlier, they hadn't been able to see through the secrets hidden in the spirit plant, but with Bai Xiaochun’s detailed explanation, all of a sudden, it seemed to make more sense.

白小纯所说，竟丝毫没错，完全正确，他赫然是一个人，去打了此地所有外门弟子的巴掌！
Everything Bai Xiaochun said was correct, and complete. His performance was a like a huge slap in the face to all of the Outer Sect disciples.

“这白小纯他的草木造诣，居然 到了如此惊人的程度！”
“I can’t believe that this Bai Xiaochun has such shocking skill with plants and vegetation!”

那些外门弟子心神早已轰鸣，之前的嘲讽，此刻成为了脸上火辣辣的刺痛。
The Outer Sect disciples felt like explosions were going off in their hearts. Their previous ridicule and mockery now caused their faces to burn so hot it hurt.

更是让他们骇然的，是白小纯这种介绍的方法，分明就是逆向推演，从一株嫁接好的灵植上，直接推出嫁接之法，这种逆向推演需要一个人在草木上的造诣，达到不可思议的程度才可以做到。
Even more astonishing was that his explanations were obviously inferred in reverse. He was able to discern the grafting method merely by looking at the grafted plant, only someone with an unbelievably advanced skill with plants and vegetation could do s omething like that. Even Elder Sun’s eyes were wide with disbelief.

“这 这是逆向推演，他 他对草木的了解，竟到了这种程度 ”
“He’s inferring everything in reverse! He he understands plants and vegetation to an incredible degree

“身为药童，去推演掌座培育出的灵植，这 这 ”孙长老也都睁大了眼，带着不可思议。
“He’s only an apprentice apothecary, and yet he is able to analyze a spirit plant grafted by the peak lord himself. This this”

李青候目中露出强烈的光芒，这一刻的白小纯，让他也觉得难以置信。
As for Li Qinghou, his eyes were shining brightly, he almost couldn’t believe he was looking at the same Bai Xiaochun he knew from before.

杜凌菲面色瞬间苍白，身体踉跄的退后，以她的草木造诣，一听白小纯的话，就立刻明悟，甚至好多次都有恍惚之感，这种感觉，让她难堪到了极致。
Du Lingfei’s face was ashen, and she staggered backward. Based on her skill with plants and vegetation, as soon as she heard Bai Xiaochun's explanation, she knew that he was right. In fact, at a few points during his speech, she didn’t even understand what he was saying. By this point, she was feeling completely and utterly embarrassed.


Currently, Bai Xiaochun wasn’t using any sort of magical technique.

此刻的白小纯，他没有动用任何术法，可凭着他口中说出的话，凭着他对草木的了解，那一句句话如同神通法宝，让杜凌菲这里根本就招架不住，只觉得脑海轰鸣，如有天雷炸开，连连退后，面色越发苍白。
However, every statement he made was backed by his understanding of plants and vegetation, and became like divine abilities or magical items. Du Lingfei was simply incapable of processing what was happening. She felt like lightning was crashing around in her mind, and she backed further and further away, her face growing even more pale.

“火半夏，九炎天，使此灵珠暴晒天地间而不死，融入半夏果，生出黑头花！
“Flaming crow-dipper and nineflames sky can be used to make the spirit bulblets impervious to strong sunlight. Merge them into crow-dipper fruit, and it will give birth to blackskull lily!

这是我能看出的，最后一株灵草。”
That is the last of the spirit plants that I recognize.”

半柱香后，白小纯说完最后一句，他目光如电，扫了一圈众人后，看向杜凌菲。
It took Bai Xiaochun about half the time it takes an incense stick to burn to finish his explanation. His eyes flashed like lightning as he scanned the crowd and then eventually looked straight at Du Lingfei. “Elder Sister Du. Ladies and gentlemen of the sect.

“杜师姐，诸位同门，草木之道博大精深，没有绝对，否则的话，你们的草木造诣，也就仅止于此了，你们既然要求我把草木前三篇全部背一遍，此事有何难度！”
The Dao of plants and vegetation is deep and profound, and contains no absolutes. Were that not the case, it would be impossible for you to make any progress with your skill with plants and vegetation. And yet, you actually want me to list out all of the plants in the first three volumes of plants and vegetation. What’s so hard about that?”

白小纯抬起下巴，袖子一甩，竟站在那里一个个背诵起来。
Setting his jaw, he flicked his sleeve and began to recite.

“灵冬竹 ”
"Spiritwinter bamboo

“地龙果 ”
“Earthdragon fruit

“水墨根 ”他朗朗开口，神色淡然，随着不断地背诵，四周相对寂静，唯有白小纯的声音回荡，仿佛之前一巴掌打了所有人后，又抡起了手掌，再次扇出了第二巴掌。
“Inkroot” His voice was clear and his expression tranquil as he spoke. Complete silence filled the arena. As his words echoed out, they were like a huge invisible hand smacking everyone a second time.

渐渐听的四周人即便无脸见人，也都忍不住吸气之声再次传出，甚至立刻有人拿出草木玉简，去对照起来，慢慢的那些对照之人，一个个都身体颤抖，眼中骇然更为强烈。
Everyone present was filled with profound shame, and gasps could be heard. Some people even pulled out jade slips with information about plants and vegetation, which they compared with what Bai Xiaochun was saying. Soon, they began to tremble, and their shock increased.

杜凌菲的面色越发苍白，身体再次后退，看向白小纯时，如同见了鬼一样。
Du Lingfei’s face was deathly pale as she backed up, looking at Bai Xiaochun as if he were a ghost.

她之前是讥讽之下才那么说，实际上她还从没见过有人可以把三万种药草，全部这般的背诵出来，这种事情在她看来是不可思议的，若真的有人能做到，那么此人的草木造诣，已经是逆天了。
The reason she had spoken such snide words earlier was because she had never seen anyone actually recite 30,000 different types of medicinal plants. To her, it seemed like an impossibility. If someone was actually able to do that, then they had to already possess completely heaven-defying skill with plants and vegetation.

时间流逝，白小纯背诵的飞快，竟一口气背诵了一个时辰，这一个时辰对于此地众人来说，根本就不知是如何度过的，他们几乎全部都拿出了玉简去对照。
As time passed, Bai Xiaochun spoke more and more quickly. With almost a single breath, he talked for two hours straight. To the audience, it almost seemed like no time had gone by at all, and virtually everyone had taken out jade slips to study along with Bai Xiaochun’s recitation.

直至一个时辰后，当白小纯说完最后一株药草时，此地众人在死一般的寂静后，爆发出了惊天动地的哗然之声，甚至传遍四周，让不少广场外的外门弟子，都隐隐听到。
After two hours, he finished reciting all of the medicinal plants. Then, there was deathly silence for a moment, followed by an explosive outburst that was audible even outside of the arena.

“天啊 一个没错，全部正确，这 居然还有这种事！”
“Heavens Not a single mistake! He was completely correct I can’t believe I just witnessed this happen!”

“整整三万药草 这白小纯的草木造诣，竟然到了如此惊天的程度，他 他在草木石碑的排名是多少？”
“All 30,000 medicinal plants Bai Xiaochun’s skill with plants and vegetation is simply shocking. Wait what is his ranking on the stone steles of plants and vegetation?”

“杜凌菲在草木造诣上与白小纯去比较，这根本就是以卵击石！”
“For Du Lingfei to compete with Bai Xiaochun in skill with plants and vegetation is like throwing an egg at a rock!”

在这四周众人彻底轰鸣中，杜凌菲望着白小纯，心中升起无限的苦涩，即便是之前的打斗，她都没有过如此，可眼下，在这草木造诣上，可以说是被完完全全的碾压。
As the uproar went on, Du Lingfei looked at Bai Xiaochun with increasing bitterness. Her reaction to losing in the fight hadn’t lead to a feeling like this. But right now, in terms of skill with plants and vegetation, she had been utterly and thoroughly defeated.

她怎么也没想到，眼前这个运气好，法宝多的白小纯，竟在草木造诣上，到了一个自己仰望都看不清的程度。
How could she ever have imagined that Bai Xiaochun, with his incredible luck and multitude of magical items, would actually be so monumentally ahead of her in skill with plants and vegetation?

这种打击，让她惨笑一声，扔出凌云香，转身赶紧离去，在这里没多停留一息，她都觉得难堪。
It was a huge blow to her, and she couldn’t help but laugh bitterly. She threw the Cloudsoaring Incense over, then turned and fled the arena. It was simply impossible for her to even consider staying, considering how embarrassed she was.

杜凌菲一离去，四周的外门弟子也都纷纷尴尬，大都向着白小纯遥遥抱拳，赶紧离去，可以想象，他们此刻心中的震撼，将持续好久。
Now that Du Lingfei was gone, the other surrounding Outer Sect disciples started to feel even more embarrassed. They quickly clasped hands and bowed to Bai Xiaochun, then hurried off. It was easy to imagine how long the profound shock they felt would last.

很快的，这演武场上，弟子都走的差不多了，就剩下白小纯站在那里，他干咳一声，觉得自己之前似乎 有些把事情搞大了，赶紧捡起凌云香，回头小心翼翼的望了李青候一眼。
Soon, the arena was virtually empty. Bai Xiaochun was the only one left behind, coughing dryly. He realized that he had really done it this time. Putting the Cloudsoaring Incense away, he looked over cautiously at Li

“弟子 先走了。” 白小纯说着，连忙退后，一溜烟的跑没影了。
Qinghou. “Disciple will take off now,” he said, turning and leaving so fast that he almost left behind a dust cloud.

演武场上，孙长老望着白小纯的背影，目中残留着震撼。
Elder Sun watched Bai Xiaochun leaving, and the shock in his eyes was still evident.

“掌座，此子 不凡！” 孙长老轻声开口。
“Peak Lord, this kid is outstanding!” he said softly.

李青候扬天大笑，笑声中带着开怀，大袖一甩，走向山顶。
Li Qinghou threw his head back and laughed loudly, then waved his sleeve and shot back up toward the top of the mountain.

第三十五章 又见许宝财
0034 chapter-35

半个月后，宗门小比中，白小纯最终碾压杜凌菲的事情，已经被那些弟子传了出去，在这宗门内掀起了一波不小的轰动。
It only took about half a month for the news about Bai Xiaochun crushing Du Lingfei in the competition to spread among virtually all the disciples, and cause a huge commotion throughout the entire sect.

以至于每次白小纯外出，都有外门弟子遇到后含笑打招呼，这让白小纯立刻觉得自己也算一个名人了，于是很喜欢外出，每次遇到外门弟子，都主动上前攀谈，然后等待对方问自己是谁时，忍着得意说出自己的名字。
Whenever Bai Xiaochun went out, the Outer Sect disciples he encountered would call out cheerful greetings. For the first time in his life, Bai Xiaochun felt famous. Now, he enjoyed leaving his residence. He would even approach random people and start to chat with them, all in the hopes that they would ask who he was, whereupon he would proudly reveal his name.

这种悠闲的生活，让白小纯很是愉悦，杜凌菲的那枚丹药，也被他炼灵三次后吞了下去，修为顺利的突破了凝气五层的大圆满，到了凝气六层。
Bai Xiaochun really enjoyed living such a luxurious life. He also performed a threefold spirit enhancement on Du Lingfei’s incense. Utilizing that incense then pushed him from the great circle of the fifth level of Qi Condensation all the way into the sixth level.

举重若轻之法，也在白小纯的练习下，越发的精髓，甚至他已经开始研究紫气驭鼎功的第二个境界，举轻若重。
As far as his Lightness-in-Heaviness magic, the more he practiced with it, the more refined it became. In fact, he had even begun to probe the second level of the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, which was Heaviness-in-Lightness.

看起来似乎不难，可实际上白小纯尝试了好久，也始终不得入门。
Although it seemed incredibly difficult at first, after numerous attempts, he made a bit of progress.

这一日，他正盘膝坐在院子里，练习举轻若重时，神色微动，收起木剑，抬头看向院子外，不多时，有敲门声传来。
On one particular day, he was seated cross-legged in his courtyard, practicing Heaviness-in-Lightness, when suddenly his expression flickered. Putting away his woode n sword, he looked up at the main gate of the courtyard. A moment later, someone knocked.

“白师兄在不在？”
“Elder Brother Bai, are you home?”

门外传来一个白小纯有些耳熟的声音，他微微诧异，他的这院子，平日里很少有人来，此刻右手抬起一指院子的门，大门嘎吱一声自行打开，露出了门外一个干瘦的青年。
After hearing the familiar voice, Bai Xiaochun’s brow furrowed slightly. People didn't often come to visit him in his courtyard. He waved his finger toward the gate, which creaked open to slowly reveal a gaunt young man.

这青年穿着外门弟子的衣衫，在门开的一刻，神色肃然，向着院子抱拳深深一拜。
He wore the garments of an Outer Sect disciple, and his expression was very serious as he clasped hands and bow ed deeply.

“许宝财，拜见白师兄。”
“Xu Baocai offers greetings, Elder Brother Bai.”

“是你？”
“What are you doing here?”

白小纯一怔，门外之人，正是当初在火灶房时，与白小纯之间有过争斗的许宝财，这许宝财也到了凝气三层，眼下成为了外门弟子。
Bai Xiaochun asked, looking shocked. This young man was the very same Xu Baocai with whom he had fought back in the Ovens, when he was in the third level of Qi Condensation. Apparently, Xu Baocai was now an Outer Sect disciple.

“怎么，成为了外门弟子，还不服气，要与我再打一次？” 白小纯一扫，就看出对方凝气三层的修为，顿时放下心来，神色摆出严肃的模样。
After seeing that Xu Baocai was still in the third level of Qi Condensation, however, he felt much more relaxed. Putting a very stern expression on his face, he said, “What, now that you’re an Outer Sect disciple you refuse to let bygones be bygones? You still want to fight me?”

许宝财闻言连忙摇头，脸上露出苦笑，向着白小纯再次一拜。
Xu Baocai immediately shook his head. A wry smile on his face, he once again bow ed to Bai Xiaochun.

“以前不懂事，白师兄别嘲讽我了，此番许某是来向白师兄赔罪，化解当年的事。”
“I was ignorant and foolish back then. Please don’t ridicule me, Elder Brother Bai. I've come today to apologize for what happened.

许宝财神色带着真诚，他是真的想要来化解，毕竟如今也都成为了外门弟子，对于曾经的事情，已经看得不那么重了。
Let’s forget about all that.” Xu Baocai seemed very earnest about wanting to forget about everything that had gone on. After all, now that he was an Outer Sect disciple, past matters weren’t really very important.

最重要的是如今白小纯在香云山，也算有名气之人，而许宝财也选择了香云山成为外门弟子，自然不愿因为以前的事情引起不必要的麻烦，这才到来。
The most important thing was that Bai Xiaochun was now very famous on Fragrant Cloud Peak. Now that Xu Baocai was an Outer Sect disciple on that very same mountain, he obviously wanted to avoid any complications that could arise because of the past.

白小纯眨了眨眼，想起当初，不由得想到了火灶房，此刻这许宝财也算是故人了，于是起身邀请许宝财进入院子，二人坐在一起，感慨一番。
Bai Xiaochun blinked, thinking back to everything that had happened back then in the Ovens. In some ways, Xu Baocai counted as an old friend. He quickly rose to his feet and invited Xu Baocai in, whereupon they sat down and began to reminisce.

“说起来，我当时不理解你为啥写了那么多血色的杀字，后来虽然理解了，可还是好奇，你用血写那么多字，你真的不痛么？” 白小纯问了一句，他始终难以忘记对方的那份血杀的战书。
Thinking back to that unforgettable blood notice, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but ask, “Now that you mention it, back then, I really didn’t understand why you would write the character ‘die’ so many times with blood. Eventually I got it, but even then, I was always curious, didn't it hurt to use so much blood to write so many characters?”

许宝财脸都红了，他如今回想当初，也觉得匪夷所思，尴尬的避开话题。
Xu Baocai’s face flushed with embarrassment when he thought back to his outlandish behavior back then, and he quickly changed the subject.

“白师兄，你要小心监事房的那些人，我之前听人说过，当初被你推上山的陈飞等人，始终对你怀恨在心。”
“Elder Brother Bai, you need to be careful about the people from the Supervisor's Department. I heard that Chen Fei and the others who you forced into the Outer Sect have been harboring a grudge this entire time.”

“陈飞？”
“Chen Fei?”

白小纯立刻警惕，脑海里浮现出监事房的那位虎背熊腰的大汉。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart instantly filled with vigilance as he thought back to that burly, muscular man from the Supervisor's Department.

“他现在什么修为？” 白小纯凝重的问道。
“What level is his cultivation base now?” he asked, looking very serious.

“听说已是凝气四层大圆满。”
“I heard he’s in the great circle of the fourth level of Qi Condensation,” Xu

许宝财连忙开口，他告诉白小纯这些，也是为了以示清白，化解恩怨。
Baocai replied immediately, hoping that revealing these matters to Bai Xiaochun would clear the air between them.

白小纯一听才凝气四层，顿时放下心来，摆出一副风轻云淡的样子。
When Bai Xiaochun heard the fourth level of Qi Condensation mentioned, he felt a bit better, and actually looked even calmer than before. Xu Baocai didn’t go into further explanations.

许宝财也没继续多说，而是与白小纯谈了谈宗门，渐渐地白小纯发现这许宝财居然知道的比自己还多，仿佛这灵溪宗南岸，大事小情，都了如指掌，甚至一些隐秘的事情，也都津津乐道，尤其是对于一些弟子间的八卦，更是说起时活灵活现，仿佛亲眼看到一样。
He and Bai Xiaochun began to chat about the sect, and soon Bai Xiaochun realized that Xu Baocai actually knew a lot more than he did. He seemed to be in the know regarding just about everything that occurred on the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect. He knew about the big events and the inconsequential matters, and had even heard about things that were suppos ed to be big secrets. Eventually they started talking about the latest gossip, and the discussion got even more lively.

“白师兄，说起我灵溪宗，有五大美女，这五大美女任何一个，都是绝色容颜，我辈修士，若能得一就可此生无憾。”
“Elder Brother Bai, did you know there are five beauties here in the Spirit Stream Sect, each one of them astonishingly good-looking? Cultivators like us who could be with even one of them would be able to live life without regrets.”

白小纯听的很感兴趣，催促许宝财多说几句。
Bai Xiaochun’s interest was piqued, so he asked Xu Baocai to explain further.

许宝财眼看白小纯喜欢听，而他这里也的确喜欢打探消息，于是眉飞色舞的说了起来。
Bai Xiaochun wanted to hear, and this was a subject Xu Baocai loved talking about, so his eyebrows instantly shot up with excitement.

“这五大美女，单纯从相貌上来讲，已经是平分秋色，不相伯仲了，不过地位上有不同，排在第一的，是紫鼎山的许媚香许师姑，那真是国色天香，绝世妖娆 对了，她还是张大胖的师尊。”
“The five beauties are virtually on equal footing when it comes to how pretty they are. However, their positions within the sect are all different. In first place is Xu Meixiang, Peak Lord Xu, who is truly ethereally beautiful and alluring O h, right, she’s Big Fatty Zhang’s Master.”

“啊？”
“Really?”

白小纯这次真的震惊了，他听张大胖说过几次自己的师尊，每次都是一口一个老妖婆，尤其是白小纯想到当初去看张大胖时，对方之所以变瘦，是因为那个老妖婆不喜欢胖子。
Bai Xiaochun was truly shocked to hear this news. Big Fatty Zhang had mentioned his Master on several occasions, and had always called her an old shrew. Then he thought back to how skinny Big Fatty Zhang had been when they reunited, and how it was because that old shrew hated fat people.

想到这里，白小纯不由得产生了一些奇怪的联想，干咳一声，赶紧收了思绪，觉得这么想下去，太危险了。
All of a sudden, things made more sense to Bai Xiaochun. Clearing his throat, and his mind, he decided not to think about the matter further. It was simply too da ngerous.

“我香云山上，也有两位，分别是周心琪周师姐，还有杜凌菲杜师姐。”
“The next two in the rankings are actually from Fragrant Cloud Peak. The first is Zhou Xinqi, Elder Sister Zhou, and then Du Lingfei, Elder Sister Du.”

许宝财侃侃而谈，说起周心琪后，又引出了天骄。
Xu Baocai was explaining everything he knew, so when he brought up Zhou Xinqi, it also necessitated talking about Chosen.

“白师兄你应该知道，我灵溪宗南岸，有三大天骄，其一是我香云山的周心琪，还有一个是紫鼎山的吕天磊，最后一个 则是青峰山的上官天佑！
“Elder Brother Bai, you probably already know that on the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect, there are three great Chosen. One of them is Zhou Xinqi from our Fragrant Cloud Peak. Another is Lu Tianlei from Violet Cauldron


Peak, and the last is Shangguan Tianyou from Green Crest Peak!

说起这三人，那都是绝世之才！”
All three of them are consummate geniuses!”

许宝财双眼露出羡慕之意。
Xu Baocai’s eyes gleamed with envy.

“这么厉害，不也还是外门么，和我一样。”
“If they’re so awesome, how come they’re in the Outer Sect like us?” asked

白小纯嘴巴一撇，上官天佑与吕天磊他不了解，不过周心琪这里，他还是有过接触的，口袋里的玉佩，就是周心琪给的。
Bai Xiaochun, his mouth twisted in a bit of a sneer. Although he didn't know much about Shangguan Tianyou and Lu Tianlei, he had already encountered Zhou Xinqi. In fact, the jade pendant in his bag of holding had been a gift from her.

许宝财咳嗽一声，心底鄙夷，可不敢去贬低白小纯，于是苦笑开口。
Xu Baocai coughed dryly. Although he inwardly looked down on Bai

“白师兄，这三人若不是因门规规定，任何弟子都需从外门做起，他们早就是内门了，不过虽然如此，可他们三位在各自的山中，都是外门当之无愧的第一，就连内门弟子也都对他们忌惮，因为这三人只要修为达到，成为内门，就必定是翘楚！
Xiaochun, he didn’t dare to express that feeling, and instead chuckled wryly and said, “Elder Brother Bai, if it weren’t for the strict sect rules, those three would already have left the Outer Sect for the Inner Sect. Even still, they’re extremely famous, and fully deserve to be known as the number one figures in the Outer Sect. Even the Inner Sects fear them. Once their cultivation bases reach the proper level, they’ll definitely become stars in the Inner Sect too!

而对他们来说，内门只是跳板，他们的目标是成为我灵溪宗的传承弟子！”
Although, for them, even the Inner Sect will just be a springboard to their eventual goal of joining the legacy echelon!”

白小纯还有些不服气。
Bai Xiaochun still wasn’t very convinced.


“Take Zhou Xinqi for example.


Because of her spirit meridian of plants and vegetation, she’ll definitely inherit the mantle of Peak Lord Li, and will become a master apothecary of the Spirit Stream Sect.


And then there’s Lu

“其中周心琪是草木灵脉，日后必定传李承掌座衣钵，成为我灵溪宗另一位药师，而那吕天磊，此人少时家贫，枯瘦如柴，可却具备罕见的雷灵脉，在紫鼎山上就行雷道术法，掌门都亲口说过，此子日后不俗！”
Tianlei. He grew up in a very poor family, and started out as skinny as a piece of firewood. But he had a rare spirit meridian of lightning, and the magical techniques he cultivates are of the path of the Dao of lightning. In fact, the sect leader personally said that he’ll have an extraordinary future.”

“啊。”
“Really?”

白小纯惊讶，他此刻不是刚刚修行之人，对于修真界了解不少，听到雷灵脉这三个字，他都觉得有些吃味了，这种灵脉，可让人术法威力暴增，且修行极少有阻碍瓶颈。
Bai Xiaochun asked, clearly surprised. He was no longer a newcomer to the cultivation world, and understood a lot about how things worked. When he heard about the spirit meridian of lightning, he couldn’t help but feel a bit jealous. A spirit meridian like that would cause one’s magical techniques to be explosively powerful, and would ensure that few bottlenecks came up within cultivation.


Seeing that Bai Xiaochun was finally reacting like people usually did when hearing about these things, he went on to talk about the third person “Of course, there’s also Shangguan Tianyou, who’s even more amazing.


He has a

“还有那位上官天佑，更是了不得，此人具备剑灵之身，甚至有传闻他是某个剑修大能转世之体，因某种原因，苍天愧疚，故而一生福泽无数，三岁走路就可捡到上古残剑，七岁天空落下一头赤云兽的幼崽认他为主，十三岁得到金光护体，故而名为天佑，他的出现，都轰动了宗门的太上长老。”
Sword Spirit Body, and some people even say that he's the reincarnation of an almighty sword cultivator. For some reason, it's like the heavens are guilty, and have blessed him with an entire life of good fortune. When he was three, he was walking down the road and happened to find an ancient sword, when he was seven, a baby crimson cloudbeast fell out of the sky and instantly accepted him as its master, when he was thirteen, he acquired a golden light shield. That is why his name is Tianyou, and as soon as he joined the sect, the prime elders were completely shaken.”

许宝财看到白小纯终于出现了正常人知道这些事的表情后，才说出了第三个人。 “苍天愧疚！
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were wide, and he looked somewhat perturbed. “The heavens are guilty?

三岁 这什么运气啊，什么 还是转世大能？”
Three years old? What luck! What kind of wait, he’s the reincarnation of some almighty ancient cultivator?”

白小纯睁大了眼，倒吸口气，神色露出愤愤之意，心底打定主意，决不去招惹这老天都愧疚的上官天佑。
In that moment, he decided that he would definitely not do anything to provok e Shangguan Tianyou, who even the Heavens catered to. Xu Baocai was extremely pleased to see Bai Xiaochun so shocked, so he sighed and then decided to explain a bit about Foundation Establishment.

“这三人，都是必定能筑基的，白师兄，我辈修士，杂役成为外门，都说是鱼跃龙门，可实际上，凝气突破踏入筑基，才是真正的鱼跃龙门，从此生命层次都不同，如同褪去凡俗，走上真正仙路，寿元一下子增加一百年。”
“Those three will definitely reach Foundation Establishment. Elder Brother Bai, we cultivators start out as servants and then join the Outer Sect. We liken our promotion to the fish which leapt over the dragon gate.

许宝财眼看白小纯越发吃惊，心底满足，可说起筑基，却轻叹一声。
However, the truth of the matter is that only by breaking through from the Qi

他这里还在叹息，白小纯这边在听到了增加一百年寿元后，双眼瞬间露出这小半辈子，从来没有过的强烈光芒，甚至身体都哆嗦了一下，双眼通红，只觉得脑海嗡鸣不断，一把抓住许宝财的手臂。
Condensation stage to Foundation Establishment can you truly be that fish who leapt over the dragon gate. It is only then that your life actually changes, and you truly shed that which is mortal. That is the true path of immortality, when your longevity is increased by a hundred years.” Even as Xu Baocai sighed, Bai Xiaochun heard about an increase of one hundred years of longevity, and his eyes lit up with a light more intense than anything which had ever been seen before in his eyes.


He even began to tremble, and his mind filled with rumbling sounds.


He reached out and grabbed Xu Baocai by the arm.

“你刚才说，筑基之后，可以增加一百年寿元？”
“Did you just say that after you reach Foundation Establishment you get an extra hundred years of longevity?”

许宝财一愣，看到白小纯此刻双眼都是血丝，有些恐惧，连忙点头。
Xu Baocai stared at Bai Xiaochun’s bloods hot eyes in shock. Feeling a bit frightened, he his head.

白小纯呼吸刹那就急促起来，整个人立刻在这院子里走来走去，双手挥舞似在抓着什么，眼中冒光，一副疯魔的样子，口中喃喃低语，更时而传出瘆人的笑声。
Bai Xiaochun inhaled sharply, and then began to pace back and forth within his courtyard, waving his arms around and gesticulating wildly. He almost looked like he had gone crazy, and was muttering to himself and laughing maniacally.

许宝财更恐惧了，不知道白小纯这里怎么了，只觉得背后凉飕飕的，赶紧起身告辞，白小纯没有去理会，整个人已如魔怔一样。
Xu Baocai was now really scared, and had no idea what was going on. A chill ran down his spine, and he said that he was going to leave. Bai Xiaochun didn’t even notice, it was almost as if he had been bedeviled.

许宝财深吸口气，觉得白小纯的模样更可怕了，于是快速的离开。
Xu Baocai took a deep breath and sped away in fear.

一炷香后，白小纯披头散发，在这院子里猛地停顿，长长的呼出一口气，扬天大笑。
After the time it takes an incense stick to burn, Bai Xiaochun looked up, his hair disheveled as he took a long, deep breath. Then he threw his head back and laughed loudly.

“一百年啊！
“One hundred years!

筑基，我一定要筑基！”
Foundation Establishment! I'm definitely going to reach

第三十六章 小乌龟称霸！
Foundation Establishment!” 0035 chapter-36

白小纯对于筑基的渴望，被许宝财的话掀起后，在之后的几天，他陆续的去了藏经阁好多次，甚至还去了神武殿。
Xu Baocai had completely ignited Bai Xiaochun’s desire to reach Foundation Establishment. In the following days, he went to the Scripture Pavilion on numerous occasions, and eventually, even went to the Divine Might Hall.

神武殿内，专门讲述了修真界内很多的常识，对于筑基也有较为详细的描述，当看到里面所写，的确与许宝财所说的差不多后，白小纯顿时燃了。
The Divine Might Hall was a place where much general information about the cultivation world was gathered for the purposes of study. After studying the detailed explanation about Foundation Establishment, Bai Xiaochun confirmed that what Xu Baocai had said was accurate, and it was like a spark was lit within him.

他觉得，只要能筑基，那么自己的长生之路，将会迈出一大步。
In his view, only by reaching Foundation Establishment could he truly take his first step upon the road of eternal life.

尤其是当他了解到，筑基居然有三种方式，且增加的寿元都不一样后，更为激动，随着他不断地钻研，数日后，他终于对于筑基，有了清晰的明悟。
What got him even more excited was the information about how there were three ways to reach Foundation Establishment, each of which affected longevity in a different way. At long last, he had a much clearer understanding.

“天地人，三种筑基 ”
“Heaven, Earth, and Mortal. Three types of Foundation Establishment

“人道筑基，需服用筑基丹，几率不大，若能成功，顿增百年寿元。”
“Mortal-Dao Foundation Establishment requires a Foundation Establishment Pill. The probability of success is low, but if you succeed, you acquire a hundred years of longevity.

“地道筑基，融入地脉之气，成就惊天之力，几率更小，可一旦成功，增加二百年寿元！”
“Earth-Dao Foundation Establishment involves absorbing earthstring energy and transforming it into shocking power. The probability of success is even lower, but the result is an addition of two hundred years of longevity!

“最后就是传说中的 天道筑基，罕见至极，可遇不可求，但一旦有此机缘筑基成功，则增五百年寿元！”
“Last is the legendary Heaven-Dao Foundation Establishment! That’s very rare, and can only come via random chance. However, if you can succeed with that type of Foundation Establishment, then you get an extra five hundred years of longevity!”

白小纯仔细的研究，觉得天道筑基缥缈不可求，而地道筑基需要在特定的地方才会有地脉之气。
After more detailed study, Bai Xiaochun confirmed that Heaven-Dao Foundation Establishment could not be specifically pursued. As for Earth-Dao Foundation Establishment, there were special requirements to be able to acquire earthstring energy.

那么摆在他面前最简单的，就是人道筑基，此法需要筑基丹。
Therefore, the simplest thing for him to do was aim for Mortal-Dao Foundation Establishment, which required a Foundation Establishment Pill.

“我现在就要对未来规划了，需要作完全的准备，稳妥打算，筑基丹必须要有 ”白小纯深吸口气，放下玉简，目中露出光芒。
Bai Xiaochun put down the jade slip he was holding and took a deep breath, his eyes shining brightly. “I need to start planning for the future, and make sure I’m completely prepared. And I have to get one of those Foundation

“筑基丹价值昂贵，而且为了以防万一，我需要多准备一些筑基丹，那么 最好的方法，自然就是自己能炼制！”
Establishment Pills “Foundation Establishment Pills are expensive, and just to be prepared for all possibilities, I should definitely have more than one on hand. In that case the best thing to do would be to concoct some myself!”

白小纯眼中光芒一闪，他本就是立志要成为炼制出长生不老丹的伟大药师，此刻对于自己的这份理想，更为执着。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flickered as his dream of becoming a master apothecary and concocting a Live-Forever Never-Die Pill became even stronger than ever.

“药童，药徒，药师 我现在就是药童，想要成为药徒，去真正炼丹，需要去晋升考核 考核需要至少掌握草木五篇，可这样不稳妥，我要把灵兽五篇也都了如指掌，就稳妥了。”
“Apprentice apothecary, journeyman apothecary, master apothecary Right now I'm an apprentice apothecary. To become a journeyman apothecary, I have to concoct some medicinal pills and take the promotion test The minimum requirement for the test is that you master the fifth volume of plants and vegetation. But that alone is no guarantee. I also need to completely master all five volumes of spirit creatures.”

白小纯眼中露出坚定，拿出草木第三篇的玉简，仔细的看了一遍后，确定都牢牢记住，立刻起身冲了出去。
Eyes gleaming with determination, he pulled out the jade slip that contained the third volume of plants and vegetation and went through it in detail one more time. After confirming that he had memorized everything, he immediately left his courtyard.

但很快就又跑了回来，在院子里沉思片刻，拿出不少衣物，把自己乔装打扮一番，这才放下心来，快速走出。
However, moments later, he came running back and quickly put on several layers of clothing, and also disguised himself a bit. Only then did he actually leave.

“那些周心琪的倾慕者太可怕了，对外传出声音，要将我大卸八块 害的我不得不低调。”
“Those fans of Zhou Xinqi are too frightening. Suppos edly they've been telling people they’re going to cut me to pieces I really have no choice other than to keep a low profile.”

白小纯内心不忿。
He still felt a little bit uneasy.


After considering the difference between himself and Zhou Xinqi’s fans, he finally reached a decision.

“哼，等我以后筑基了，一定要万众瞩目下，告诉所有人，我白小纯就是龟爷，到时候看谁敢来卸我！”
“Hmph. Just wait until I reach Foundation Establishment. Then I’ll make a big scene and tell everyone that I'm Lord

白小纯衡量了一下那些自己与周心琪的那些倾慕者之间的差距，发下誓言。
Turtle.

万药阁，一向都是人山人海，不但香云山的外门弟子在这里，青峰山与紫鼎山中，对于草木知识有所渴求的弟子，也会来到这里。
Then we’ll see who dares to try to cut me to pieces!” As usual, the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion was completely packed. It wasn’t just Outer Sect disciples from Fragrant Cloud Peak in attendance, there were also disciples from Green Crest Peak and Violet Cauldron Peak, who for various reasons were required to be proficient in plants and vegetation.

此刻白小纯钻入人群内，趁着四周人没注意，走进了草木第三篇石碑下的木屋中，片刻后他推开门，快走几步融入人群内。
Currently, Bai Xiaochun was worming his way through the crowd, trying to make sure he didn’t attract any attention. After reaching the log cabin dedicated to the third volume of plants and vegetation, he snuck in, took the test, then melted back into the crowd.

有心立刻离去，可还是忍不住翘首等待，没多久，惊呼之声传出，此地所有人都看到了草木第三篇的石碑上，一个小乌龟的图案，骑在宝瓶上面。
Although he had originally planned to just leave, after a moment passed, he couldn’t hold back from poppi ng his head up and looking around. It didn’t take long before a clamor rose up as people realized that on the stone stele of the third volume of plants and vegetation, the turtle design had overtaken the magic bottle.

白小纯暗自得意，没忍住，在众人惊呼时，也摆出诧异吃惊的模样，跟着吼了几声，可很快周心琪的那些倾慕者就出现了，一个个凶神恶煞的样子，让白小纯这里握紧了拳头。
Feeling quite pleased, he plastered a shocked look on his face and shouted out in astonishment. However, it only took a moment for Zhou Xinqi’s fiendish fans to appear, which caused Bai Xiaochun to ball his fists in frustration.

“就是这些人，害的我必须如此低调。”
“It’s their fault that I have to keep such a low profile,” he thought angrily.

白小纯愤愤的瞪了那些人一眼，转身赶紧离去。
He glared at them for a moment and then turned and hurried away.

之后的日子里，有关小乌龟再现的消息，传遍香云山的外门，人人议论，毕竟这一年来，小乌龟的图案，在那石碑上很是显眼。
In the following days, news about the little turtle once again spread like wildfire through Fragrant Cloud Peak’s Outer Sect. Everyone was talking about the little turtle design that was so prominently displayed on the stone steles.

可就在这议论刚刚消散，一个月后的一天，万药阁的弟子突然看到，第四座石碑上，小乌龟居然又一次出现了，依旧是骑在宝瓶上面，成为了第一。
However, another month later, just as the rumors were beginning to settle down, the disciples outside the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion suddenly noticed that the little turtle had appeared on the fourth stone stele, and it had once again passed the magic bottle to take 1st place.

哗然顿起！
The result was an instant uproar!

“就快要超越周心琪师姐，这小乌龟已是四碑第一！”
“The little turtle is going to completely surpass Elder Sister Zhou Xinqi soon! He has four 1st place spots!”

“他是四碑，周心琪师姐是五碑，这小乌龟到底是谁 ”人群内的白小纯，尖叫起来，心底暗自舒爽，眼看周心琪的那些倾慕者发狂而来，他干咳一声，带着不忿，低头隐藏。
“He has four stone steles, and Elder Sister Zhou Xinqi has five. Just who is the little turtle?” Of course, it was Bai Xiaochun shouting these things out, and it made him feel quite good. However, when Zhou Xinqi’s fans started devolving into a frenzy, he cleared his throat, lowered his head, and went on his way.

数日后，周心琪出现在了万药阁，望着那四座石碑，她的神色露出凝重，走入第十座石碑内，出来时，第十座石碑的第一，已被她占据。
A few days later, Zhou Xinqi showed up in the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion and studied the four stone steles, a very serious expression on her face. Then she entered the tenth stone stele. When she emerged, her name now occupied the 1st place spot.

到了这个时候，香云山的所有外门弟子，都在关注万药阁了，周心琪六碑，小乌龟四碑
By that point, all of the Outer Sect disciples on Fragrant Cloud Peak were paying close attention to the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion. Zhou Xinqi had her six stone steles, and the little turtle had four

他们都在猜测，那小乌龟是否下个月会再次出现，拿下第五碑，与周心琪并驾齐驱。
Everyone was speculating as to whether or not the little turtle would eventually take a fifth stone stele, which would put him on par with Zhou Xinqi.

甚至这些外门弟子都开始了下注，去赌小乌龟能不能五碑第一，即便是香云山的那些长老，也都留意此事。
In fact, some of the Outer Sect disciples were starting to place bets on whether or not the little turtle could actually take 1st place in five stone steles. It even reached the point that some of the Elders of Fragrant Cloud Peak were taking note.

白小纯也发了狠劲，每拿下一个第一，换取了玉简后，他都没日没夜的去研究，再加上他恨那些周心琪的倾慕者，所以每个月去万药阁拿下第一后，都会在人群里尖叫一番，抒发自己对小乌龟的崇拜之意。
Bai Xiaochun was going absolutely all out to try to take that next 1st place spot. After getting the relevant jade slip, he studied it day and night. Coupled with how much he hated Zhou Xinqi’s fans, whenever he made his monthly visit to the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion and got a first place spot, he would make a point of whipping up the crowd in favor of the little turtle.

渐渐地，他在人群内都认识了不少一样对小乌龟崇拜之人，当然这里面也有他的功劳，他几乎是不放过任何一个去宣传小乌龟的机会，如侯小妹那里，此刻对于小乌龟已是崇拜到了极致。
Gradually, quite a few disciples began to admire the little turtle, and much of that had to do with Bai Xiaochun himself. He never passed up an oppor tunity to promote the little turtle to whomever he could speak to about it. For example, by this point, Hou Xiaomei was thoroughly obsessed.

终于在一个月后，风和日丽的一天，第五座石碑的宝瓶，蓦然一闪，竟落下了一位，在宝瓶的上面，那只小乌再次出现。
Eventually, a month later on a bright and sunny day, the magic bottle on the fifth stone stele flickered and then dropped down by one spot, whereupon the little turtle appeared above it.

这一刻，香云山的外门弟子轰动，无数人赶来观望，甚至彼此之间在之后的日子里，所谈论的也大都是这小乌龟。
As of that moment, the Outer Sect disciples of Fragrant Cloud Peak were thrown into pandemonium. Entire crowds came to check out the scene, and soon, all conversations on the mountain revolved around the little turtle.

“这小乌龟必定是草木造诣到了无法形容的程度，才可以如此惊人。”
“The little turtle’s skill with plants and vegetation is definitely at an indescribable level. How else could he be so shocking?”

“厉害，这小乌龟与周师姐不相伯仲 ”
“So awesome! The little turtle and Elder Sister Zhou are about the same now”

人群内，也不是没有人猜测对方是白小纯，甚至周心琪的那些倾慕者，在发狂之下，一切可疑的目标都不放过，自然也对白小纯这里重点关注。
It wasn’t that nobody in the crowd suspected that the little turtle might be Bai Xiaochun. In fact, some of Zhou Xinqi’s fans didn’t ignore any possibilities, and naturally were paying attention to him.

白小纯心底更为不忿，为了洗去嫌疑，只能唉声叹气的故作姿态，当着所有人的面，去了一趟第四石碑，在里面发呆片刻，发誓以后一定要让那些人好看，这才走出。
Feeling quite indignant, Bai Xiaochun decided that he needed to get rid of any doubts, so he made a big scene of reluctantly trying to take the test for the fourth stone stele. He remained inside for a bit, after which he stepped out and did his best to convince everyone that he had performed badly.

多次之后，渐渐那些倾慕者又将怀疑的目标落向了其他人，毕竟这种事情，没有证据，真的很难找出答案。
After doing this a few times, Zhou Xinqi’s fans started to shift their attention to others. Of course, there was no way to prove anything about anybody one way or another.

可狠言却数次放出，告诉所有人，这一次若找到那小乌龟，不是大卸八块的问题了，是准备大卸八十块！
However, they continued to spread hateful gossip, telling people that if they found out who the little turtle was, they weren’t going to cut him into bits, they were going to cut him into teeny tiny bits!

白小纯知道后，想了一下自己被卸成八十块的样子，哆嗦了一下，可咬了咬牙，狠劲又上来了。
When Bai Xiaochun heard about that, and thought about what he would look like in such a state, he began to tremble. Finally, he gritted his teeth, and his vicious determination once again bubbled up.

“你们不是不高兴么，你们越不高兴，我就越是要这个第一！”
“Not happy, huh? Well I’ll make you even less happy when I take more 1st place spots!”

白小纯咬牙，与对方隔空，直接以这种方式干了起来。
Gritting his teeth, he decided that he was going to make that happen, and close the distance between himself and Zhou Xinqi.

一个月后，第六座石碑，小乌龟第一！ 又一个月，第七座石碑，小乌龟再次第一！
A month later, the little turtle took 1st place on the sixth stone stele! After another month, it took 1st place on the seventh!

七碑全部第一的瞬间，整个万药阁四周，爆发出了强烈的欢呼之声。
Shouts of alarm and astonishment rang out around the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion at that point.

“七碑第一，小乌龟加油，开创一个周师姐都没有达到的十碑第一！”
“Seven 1st place spots! Go, little turtle, go! Not even Elder Sister Zhou was able to get ten 1st place spots!”

“哈哈，我看好这只小乌龟，他一定能成！”
“Hahaha, I like this little turtle. He’s definitely going to pull it off!”

在这无数人欢呼时，四周有十多个青年，面色阴沉，尤其是里面有几个内门弟子，更是目光阴冷，其中一人，脸上有不少麻子，穿着内门弟子的长衫，他的目光最是凌厉。
Even as numerous disciples in the crowd were crying out such things, there were a dozen or so young men in the area, all of whom had very grim expressions on their faces. Some of them were even Inner Sect disciples, whose expressions were particularly icy. One of them was a young man with a pockmarked face, whose eyes glinted with particular ferocity.

“诸位师弟，若有人知晓这小乌龟是谁，告知钱某，钱某承诺一个人情！”
“Ladies and gentlemen, fellow disciples,” he called out. “If anyone knows who the little turtle is, please tell me, and I’ll owe you a favor!”

这麻脸青年，忽然开口，声音带着某种震动，一下子把所有人都压了下去。
That pock- faced young man’s voice caused everyone to tremble, and instantly silenced all of the voices calling out about the little turtle.

不少人立刻看向这麻脸青年，认出了他的身份，连忙避开眼神，可还有不少，虽露出愤怒，只是却不敢多言。
People in the crowd immediately recognized who this young man was, and quickly averted their gazes. Others were incensed, but were too afraid to speak up.

“是加入执法堂的内门弟子钱大金，钱师兄 ”
“That’s Elder Brother Qian from the Hall of Justice, Qian Dajin”

“听说此人对周师姐以及杜凌菲，都在追求 ”
“I heard that he’s been chasing both Elder Sister Zhou and also Du Lingfei”

白小纯也在人群内，目睹这一幕后，与身边人一起，一脸义愤填膺的怒视那位麻脸青年，直至回到了院子，白小纯一想起对方，就心中来气。
Bai Xiaochun stood there in the crowd, glaring at the pock-faced Qian Dajin with righteous indignation. Finally, he stalked back to his courtyard, feeling very irritated.

“反正你也找不到我，我偏偏要和你斗一斗！”
“You can’t even find me, and yet you insist on fighting a duel with me?”

白小纯抬起下巴，灵兽五篇，他在研究时更是执着，随着了解那些灵兽体内可以炼制灵药的材料，他的草木造诣，精进了不少。
Setting his jaw, he focused on studying the five volumes of spirit creatures. As he learned more about how the various parts of spirit creatures could be used when concocting spirit medicines, his skill with plants and vegetation made further advancement.

尤其是相互结合后，触类旁通，白小纯的草木造诣，与日俱增。
In fact, because he was able to compare and contrast the two, and see how they worked together, his skill with plants and vegetation actually experienced significant growth.

一个月后，第八座石碑，小乌龟的图案代替宝瓶，成为第一！ 随后又一个月，第九座石碑，小乌龟再次第一！
The next month, the little turtle design replaced the magic bottle as the 1st place spot holder on the eighth stone stele! After another month, he took 1st place in the ninth!

至此，九碑第一！
He now had nine 1st place spots!

此事让万药阁的外门弟子，全部都沸腾起来，纷纷振奋，渐渐呼唤小乌龟去十碑第一的声音，越来越多。
The Outer Sect disciples around the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion were aboil. More and more people were loudly proclaiming that the little turtle was definitely going to take ten 1st place spots.

即便是周心琪的那些倾慕者，也都无法阻止，只能眼睁睁的看着小乌龟的声望，被掀起到了超越周心琪的高度。
As for Zhou Xinqi's fans, there was nothing they could do to stop it at this point. All they could do was watch as the little turtle’s popu larity gradually exceeded Zhou Xinqi's.

终于在最后一个月，白小纯于晌午时，万药阁弟子最多的时候，乔装打扮一番，神色内露出坚定，趁没人注意，排队等待片刻，悄然踏入第十座石碑下的木屋中。
When the final month came, Bai Xiaochun went to the 10,000 Medicines pavilion when it was at its busiest. He went in disguise, but his expression was one of determination as he worked his way unnoticed through the line leading up to the log cabin beneath the tenth stone stele.

在踏入的刹那，白小纯盘膝坐在木屋内的碑文下，右手抬起，按在上面，脑海轰鸣间，出现在了熟悉的虚无里。
Once he entered, he sat down cross-legged, reached out, and placed his hand onto the stone altar. Rumbling filled his mind as he once again entered that familiar void.

他看着面前闪烁出的上百万的草木以及灵兽的残片，目中露出执着，双手瞬间飞舞，开始进行考核，刹那一株株完整的药草与灵兽材料，就被他组合出来。
In front of him were 1,000,000 flickering fragments of medicinal plants and spirit creatures. Eyes gleaming with focus, his hands began to fly about and reorganize the pieces.

一千、五千、一万
1,000. 5,000. 10,000

三万，五万，八万
30,000. 50,000. 80,000

这是他所经历的所有考核中，最难的一次，渐渐他额头出了汗，双眼有了血丝，整个人如疯魔一样，忘记了一切，沉浸在这草木灵兽的组合上，甚至双手都刺痛，甚至大脑翻江倒海，可他依旧咬牙坚持。
This was the most difficult of all the tests he had taken so far. Soon, sweat was dripping down his face, and his eyes were bloods hot. He looked crazed, as if he had forgotten about everything else. He was fully immersed in the process of reconstructing plants and vegetation, and spirit creatures.

不知过去了多久，当这第十碑的考核结束的一瞬，白小纯右手微微颤抖，将最后一株药草拼凑出来，整个人如虚脱一样，眼前模糊，再次清晰时，已回到了木屋内。
His hands hurt, and his mind reeled, and yet he kept going. Before long, the test was over, and Bai Xiaochun sat here, his hands trembling as he put the last medicinal plant together. With that, his vision went blurry, then cleared, and he was back in the log cabin.

他呼吸急促，眼中却露出满足，擦去汗水，用力的握了一下拳头，目露振奋。
Breathing heavily, eyes shining with satisfaction, he wiped the sweat from his brow and clenched his fists.

第三十七章 举轻若重
0036 chapter-37

十碑，第一！
Ten stone steles, ten 1st place spots!

灵溪宗南岸三山，彻底轰动。
The three peaks on the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect were completely shaken.

万药阁内外，在这一刻声音鼎沸，传遍四方，不少人都飞快的来到万药阁，看着那十座石碑全部都是第一的小乌龟，纷纷倒吸口气。
Outside the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion, a buzz of conversation could be heard. People were speeding over from all directions to catch a glimpse of the little turtle in 1st place on all ten stones steles. Gasps rang out.

“十碑第一，这小乌龟居然真的做到了！”
“Ten 1st place spots! The little turtle actually did it!”

“我灵溪宗上一次出现十碑第一，还是在千年前，没想到我有生之年，居然能看到这一幕！”
“The last time anyone in the Spirit Stream Sect ever took ten 1st place spots in the stone steles was a thousand years ago! How could I ever have imagined that I would see something like this in my life?”

人群内惊呼不断，这种事情，尽管大家心里有些预料，可真正发生时，依旧震撼，尤其是最后的三个月，几乎是连在了一起，每个月拿下一座石碑，这种速度，让所有人回想起来，根本就无法平静。
Everyone was clamoring in shock, and although many people had predicted that this would happen, it was still a shocking event. That was especially true considering the previous three months, in which one stone stele after another fell into the hands of the little turtle. When people thought about that, they simply couldn’t stay calm.

“这小乌龟，到底是谁 这才半年的时间，他就从第三座石碑开始，一路横扫，如碾压一样，成就赫赫声名！”
“Just who exactly is the little turtle? In less than half a year, he started from the third stone stele and then swept through all his competition in the rest of them. This guy is totally famous!”

“他的草木造诣，完全超越了周心琪，莫非我香云山日后除周心琪外，还会再多出一位药师！”
“His skill with plants and vegetation completely exceeds Zhou Xinqi’s. Maybe in the future, there will even be another master apothecary in addition to Zhou Xinqi!”

与此同时，在十座石碑全部第一的瞬间，这十座石碑全部震动了一下，传出阵阵轰鸣之声，这些声音融合在一起后，居然从香云山的山顶，传出了阵阵鼎声！
In the same moment that the little turtle secured 1st place on all ten stone steles, the steles began to vibrate, letting off intense rumbling noises that merged together, and then were joined by the sound of a clanging cauldron coming from further up the mountain.

仿佛有巨木撞击药鼎，传出闷闷之声，回荡整个香云山，传遍灵溪宗南岸，甚至还有阵阵药香，无形的扩散，笼罩八方，使得香云山的云雾也都肉眼可见的浓密起来。
It was as if someone were striking a medicine cauldron with an enormous log. The muffled boom s spread out through all of Fragrant Cloud Peak, and then echoed out to fill the entire south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect. It was accompanied by a medicinal aroma that filled the area, and caused the mists that covered Fragrant Cloud Peak to grow even thicker.

香云山顶，一处洞府内，周长老正以灵食喂养他珍爱的那些五彩灵禽，忽然听到鼎鸣，目中露出惊讶。
At the top of Fragrant Cloud Peak was an immortal’s cave where Elder Zhou was in the middle of feeding some of his cherished five-colored spirit birds. When he heard the sound of the cauldron, his eyes lit up with surprise.

“香云鼎鸣？”
“The Fragrant Cloud Cauldron?”

他神识蓦然散开，立刻就察觉到万药阁十座石碑的变化，神色一动，踏空而去。
He sent his divine sense out and instantly detected what was happening among the ten stone steles outside the 10,000 Medicines pavilion.

紧接着，孙长老的身影也出现，还有其他筑基修士，全部都被鼎鸣吸引，纷纷走出，看去时，一个个都露出惊喜。
His expression immediately flickered, and he stepped out into the air. Next, Elder Sun appeared, along with other Foundation Establishment cultivators.


All of them had heard the sound of the cauldron, and were now proceeding in the direction of the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion, excited expressions on their faces.

最后一个出现的，是李青候，他原本正在打坐，听到鼎鸣后一样神色变化，外出看了一眼，立刻化作长虹直奔万药阁。
The last to appear was Li Qinghou, who had been in the middle of meditation. When he heard the sound of the cauldron, his face flickered, and he looked outside. Then, he transformed into a beam of colorful light that shot toward the 10,000 M edicines Pavilion.

随着鼎鸣的回荡，很快更多人哗然，整个香云山无论是外门还是内门弟子，全部都被震动，一个个纷纷走出，看向万药阁的方向。
As the sound of the cauldron rang out, the crowd grew even more excited. Both the Outer Sect and Inner Sect disciples of Fragrant Cloud Peak were completely shaken, and many began to rush in the direction of the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion.

“这是 我香云山至宝香云鼎的声音！”
“That's the sound of the precious treasure of Fragrant Cloud Peak, the Fragrant Cloud Cauldron!”

“万药阁内，出现了十碑第一，开创千年内前所未有！”
“Someone took ten 1st place spots at the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion! That hasn’t happened for a thousand years! This is unheard-of!”

即便是青峰上与紫鼎山，这一刻也都被惊动，张大胖正垂着头，被身边一个样子妖娆，模样绝美的女子训斥，这女子就是他对白小纯诉苦时提到过的老妖婆，此刻这女子听到这鼎鸣后，神色一动，抬头看去时，张大胖也呆了一下，诧异的观望。
Excitement even broke out on Green Crest Peak and Violet Cauldron Peak. Big Fatty Zhang was hanging his head as a beautiful, alluring woman berated him. That woman was none other than the old shrew that Big Fatty Zhang had complained to Bai Xiaochun about. As soon as she heard the sound of the cauldron, her expression flickered, and she looked off into the distance.


Big


Fatty Zhang’s face fell in shock as he did the same thing.

“香云鼎竟传出鸣音，莫非香云山的弟子里，有人在某一样考核中，达到了完美的程度？”
“The sound of the Fragrant Cloud Cauldron. Could it be that some disciple on Fragrant Cloud Peak has actually gotten perfect results in all of the tests?”

同样的一幕，在青峰上也出现，青峰山的那些长老以及掌座，也都侧目观望。
Similar scenes played out on Green Crest Peak, causing the elders and the peak lord there to look over in astonishment.

渐渐地，香云山万药阁内外，来人越来越多。
More and more people were filling the area around the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion.

白小纯在人群内，听着四周人的哗然，看着那十座石碑，他少见的没有加入欢呼之中，而是心中升起一丝说不出的情绪，他默默的站在那里，脸上露出笑容，这笑容没有得意，没有傲然，有的只是淳朴与开心。
Bai Xiaochun was there in the crowd, and when he heard the uproar, he looked up at the ten stone steles. Although he didn’t join in with the shouting, his heart was filled with an indescribable feeling. He stood there, a smile growing on his face, not a complacent smile, or a lofty smile, a smile of pure happiness.

一年多的时间，从第一个石碑开始，开创了一个奇迹，成就了十碑第一，这些是虚名，而他最大的收获则是对于草木，对于灵兽，对于这些身为灵童需要掌握的知识，已是熟烂于心。
It had taken him more than a year to work this miracle. He had started from the first stone stele, then taken 1st place in all ten. However, having a bunch of 1st place spots didn’t mean much to him in the end. The most important thing was that he had gained a complete mastery over plants and vegetation, as well as the spirit creatures, something that apprentice apothecaries needed to be proficient in.

可以说，他给自己打下了一个罕见的厚厚的基础，此刻回想这一年多来，太多个日日夜夜，自己疯狂的研究草木，研究灵兽，白小纯感慨之于，也有唏嘘。
He had crafted an unprecedentedly deep foundation. As he thought back to the long days and endless nights he had spent obsessively studying plants and vegetation, and then spirit creatures, Bai Xiaochun sighed emotionally.

放眼整个灵溪宗，即便是内门弟子，也没有人能在草木造诣上的基础上，深厚过白小纯，这一刻，白小纯很满足。
In the entire Spirit Stream Sect, there weren't even any Inner Sect disciples who had such a strong foundation in their skill with plants and vegetation. Currently, Bai Xiaochun was feeling very satisfied.

很快的，一道道长虹从四周呼啸而来，长虹内露出的身影，每一个都散发出惊人的修为波动，周长老，孙长老 李青候都在其内。
Soon, numerous beams of light could be seen flying through the air, all of them emanating powerful cultivation base fluctuations. Among them were Elder Zhou, Elder Sun and of course Li Qinghou.

他们都凝望十座石碑，看着排在第一的那小乌龟，一个个目中露出明亮的光芒，尤其是李青候，他在看到小乌龟的图案后先是一愣，随后神色慢慢古怪，片刻后哈哈一笑，目光扫过人群，当看到白小纯时，他目中深处有外人看不到的赞赏。
They looked over the ten stone steles, and the little turtle in the 1st place spot, and their eyes began to shine brightly. That was especially true of Li Qinghou. That little turtle design caused him to first start in shock, then begin to laugh loudly, a strange expression on his face.


He looked out over the crowd, and caught sight of Bai Xiaochun, after which a glint of praise appeared in his eyes that no one could detect.

许久，大袖一甩，带着笑声离去，他很开怀，他一眼就猜出这小乌龟正是白小纯。
After a long moment passed, he flicked his sleeve and left, quite happy after having guessed that the little turtle belonged to none other than Bai Xiaochun.

在那些长辈离去后，内门弟子的身影逐渐的多了，看着那小乌龟，这些内门弟子也都心惊，他们都是从外门晋升上来的，清楚的知道这万药阁的石碑，只有在外门时才可以去闯，故而其难度之大，根本就难以比喻。
Soon, the other members of the Senior generation left. However, more and more Inner Sect disciples were showing up to stare in shock at the little turtle. After all, they had all risen up from the Outer Sect, and knew very well that only Outer Sect disciples were allowed to challenge the stone steles. They also knew how difficult of a challenge that was.

“身为外门弟子，能做到如此程度，定是天骄 ”
“Any Outer Sect disciple who can do this is definitely a Chosen”

“哼，我等身为药徒，重点是炼制灵药，草木造诣再高，炼不出灵药也是没用！”
“Hmph. We’re journeyman apothecaries, so all we care about is spirit medicines. Incredible skill with plants and vegetation is meaningless if you can’t concoct spirit medicine!”

这些内门弟子里，有的赞叹，有的露出不屑，可无论如何，他们对于这小乌龟，已深深记住，甚至在心底，已大都有了忌惮。
Some of the Inner Sect disciples clearly admired the little turtle, and others disdained it. However, regardless of their feelings, a deep impression had been made, and in fact, most of them were actually a bit frightened.

毕竟虽不知对方日后炼药如何，可一个如此牢固的基础，将使得对方在成为药徒后，顺利太多太多。
None of them had any idea how skilled this person would be at medicine concocting, but with such a solid foundation, once that person became a journeyman apothecary, his path would certainly be much smoother.

四周的哗然还在持续，直至周心琪出现，站在蓝绫上，凝望十座石碑上的小乌龟时，众人才慢慢安静下来，一个个都看向周心琪。
The uproar continued until eventually Zhou Xinqi showed up. She stood there on her blue flying silk, examining the little turtle. Slowly, the crowd quieted down, and all eyes turned in her direction.

这种全方位的在十座石碑上全部被压制的感觉，让周心琪的目中露出不甘心，以往都是她带给别人这种复杂感，可如今轮到自己这里，让她只能沉默。
The sight of the little turtle in the 1st place spot on all of the stone steles caused an unyielding gleam to appear in her eyes. In the past, this was the sort of complicated expression that she caused to appear in the eyes of others, but now, the oppos ite had happened.

“你到底是谁 ”周心琪咬了咬牙，虽不甘，可曾经的几次尝试，让她明白那神秘的小乌龟在草木造诣上已到了一种不可思议的程度，她如今没有什么把握可以超越，沉默许久，对于这个小乌龟，已是牢牢记在了心底。
“Just who are you?” she murmured through clenched teeth. Although she couldn’t bear to admit it, she had tried hard on numerous occasions to match the mysterious little turtle in terms of skill with plants and vegetation, but his ability was just too profound. As of this moment, she had no confidence whatsoever in being able to surpass him. By now, that little turtle was completely and utterly branded onto her heart.

“草木上，你的确比我强，那么等你成为药徒后，在炼药之路上，我不信你可以永远将我超越！”
“You might be stronger than me with plants and vegetation, but just wait until you become a journeyman apothecary. I refuse to believe that you’ll surpass me when it comes to medicine concocting!”

周心琪深吸口气，神色慢慢平静下来，她已参加了考核，已然晋升为药徒，此刻最后一眼看向石碑，转身一晃，蓦然远去。
She took a deep breath and calmed herself down. She had already taken the test and been promoted to journeyman apothecary, so after giving the stone steles one last look, she spun and vanished off into the distance. After giving the ten stone steles one last look, Bai Xiaochun turned and left.

“这里，只是我成为伟大药师路上的第一站！”
“This is just the first stop along my path to becoming a grandmaster apothecary!”

白小纯在人群内，也最后看了一眼十座石碑，毅然转身离开。 十碑第一的轰动，在之后的日子里持续了数月，依旧还有人谈论，尤其是每当众人来到万药阁，看到石碑上的小乌龟时，这种议论都会加剧。
The matter of the ten stone steles caused a commotion that lasted for months. People talked about it nonstop, especially when they went to the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion and actually saw the little turtle on the stone steles.

同时，周心琪的那些倾慕者，更是漫山遍野的寻找，大有不惜一切代价要找出这个小乌龟的气势，尤其是那位钱姓青年，极为恼火，也加入到了寻找之中。
Meanwhile, Zhou Xinqi’s fans were combing the sect, employing all tactics possible to try to figure out who the little turtle was. That was especially true of the young man surnamed Qian, who was infuriated about the matter.

搅动了整个灵溪宗南岸后，在这无数人每天都在谈论小乌龟时，白小纯在他的院子里，正红着眼，操控身前的一片树叶。
The entire south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect was affected. While people were constantly discussing the little turtle, Bai Xiaochun was in his courtyard, eyes bloods hot as he controlled a tree leaf that floated in front of him.

他在研究举轻若重的境界，实际上大半年前，他就经常研究这种境界之法，可却始终只能触摸一丝，无法真正融入。
He was now studying the stage of Heaviness-in-Lightness. Actually, he had repeatedly attempted to do so throughout the past half year, but it wasn’t until now that he had been able to do a nything with it.

如今万药阁的事情结束，白小纯眼看那些周心琪的倾慕者不断地寻找自己，内心起了危机感，索性避一避风头，开始全身心的放入到了举轻若重中。
Because of how things had ended at the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion, Zhou Xinqi’s fans were constantly searching for him. A sensation of crisis slowly built up within him, so he decided to weather things out in his residence while he worked on Heaviness-in-Lightness.

“举重若轻是速度，举轻若重 则是一种掌控之法！”
“Lightness-in-Heaviness is about speed. Heaviness-in-Lightness is about control methods!”

白小纯目中露出沉思，这是他这段日子里的感悟。
A thoughtful expression appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes as he pondered everything he had come to understand recently.

“或者说，这种掌控实际上就是一种体内灵气的爆发力！”
“Or perhaps you could say that such control is actually an eruption of one’s internal spiritual energy!”

白小纯双眼一闪，他如今凝气六层，体内灵气如大河一样，在举重若轻的境界，已经可以做到持续的不断，发挥出惊人的速度。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glittered. He was now in the sixth level of Qi Condensation, and his internal spiritual energy was like a huge river. When it came to Lightness-in-Heaviness, he could sustain it indefinitely, and unleash shocking speed.

早已有种明悟，知晓所谓的境界，实际上就是运用体内灵气的法门，如同是一片叶子舒展开，能吊起一块小木头，可若是卷起来，能吊起一小块石头，但若是撕成一条条编织在一起，则可拽动更沉重的物体。
He had long since come to understand that the so-called stage of Heaviness- in-Lightness was simply a way of utilizing one's internal spiritual energy. It was like how a flat leaf could be used to pull a small branch up into the air, but a rolled up leaf could hoist up a small rock. Likewise, if you cut a leaf into strips and then braided it into a rope, it would be able to lift even heavier objects.

材质一样，只不过组合的方式不同，所以发挥出的强弱也不一样。
Many materials were like that, in the end, the different weights that could be lifted depended simply on how one combined the various elements.

而举轻若重，就是这样一个法门，一旦掌握，就等于踏入到了这个境界里。
Heaviness-in-Lightness was just such a technique, and by mastering it, you could reach a new stage.

白小纯思索良久，挥手间远处一片叶子飞来，漂浮在他的身前，在他这不断地尝试下，这叶子时而速度激快，时而缓慢如有山压。
Bai Xiaochun thought about the matter for a bit longer, then waved his hand, causing another leaf to fly over, which he began to experiment with. Sometimes the leaf moved quickly, at other times it moved as slowly as if a mountain were crushing onto it. However, he wasn’t getting the result he wanted.

一次不行就十次，十次不行就百次，百次若还不行 就千次万次。
After one try didn't work, he tried ten times. After ten tries didn't work, he tried a hundred times. After a hundred tries didn’t work he tried a thousand times.

白小纯不知道自己尝试了多少次，他院子里所有的叶子都碎灭了，于是他外出又寻找了叶片，到了最后，整个香云山所有非灵植的树木花草的叶子都被他取来尝试后，终于在一天黄昏，白小纯目光闪动，掐诀一指，他面前的那片柳叶，看似轻飘飘的，可在落下的瞬间，如同山岩砸地。
He eventually lost track of how many times he had tried. Soon, his courtyard was filled with fragments of leaves which had been destroyed, and he even had to go out looking for new leaves. Eventually, nearly all of the spirit plants on Fragrant Cloud Peak were devoid of leaves, until, on one particular day, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flickered, and he performed an incantation gesture and pointed out. The leaf in front of him was floating there gently, but when it fell to the ground it sounded like a boulder.

轰的一声，院子的地面一震，仿佛这柳叶重若千钧。
A huge boom rang out, and the entire courtyard residence shook. It was as if that one leaf weighed hundreds of kilograms.

“成了！”
“It worked!”

白小纯眼中弥漫血丝，可神色却振奋，起身右手一甩，小木剑飞出，成为了一道黑线，刹那远去，不但速度更快，威力更是比之前强悍了至少一倍，甚至隐隐都出现了尖锐的破空声。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were shot with blood, but his expression was one of excitement. He suddenly waved his hand, sending his little woode n sword flying out. It turned into a black streak that shot through the air with incredible speed. It was now even more incredible than before, and emanated a shrill whistling sound as it pierced through the air.

轰鸣中，远处的巨大山岩，直接四分五裂崩溃开来。
Then, a boom rang out as a huge boulder was shattered to pieces.

这种威力，已经不是凝气六层可比，即便是凝气七八层看到，也都会大吃一惊，心神震动。
Such incredible power was no longer equivalent to the sixth level of Qi Condensation. Even someone in the seventh level of Qi Condensation would be completely shocked by what had just happened.

第三十八章 紫气化鼎
0037 chapter-38

白小纯神色兴奋，起身活动了一下身体，又操控小木剑在这院子里来回飞舞，时而快速呼啸远去，时而又骤然停顿，蕴有千钧。
Bai Xiaochun looked very excited as he leaped to his feet and shook out his arms and legs, then sent the woode n sword flying around the courtyard dramatically. Sometimes it would speed through the air rapidly, other times it would hang ponderously in the air, motionless.

整个木剑，在这院子里变化莫测，很快就形成了阵阵剑气四散，仿佛凭空的掀起了大风，让白小纯这里更为激动。
The woode n sword experienced a complete transformation there in the courtyard. Soon, sword qi swirled around the entire area, almost as if a huge wind had kicked up. Bai Xiaochun was even more excited than before.

片刻后，他右手一甩，小木剑刹那消失，回到了他的手心内，看起来五颜六色很是不起眼，可实际上，这把被炼灵三次的小木剑，已从本质上出现了不同的变化。
A moment later, he waved his right hand, and the little woode n sword flew back into his hand. The gaudy sword didn't look very remarkable, but the truth of the matter was that thanks to the threefold spirit enhancement, it was completely beyond what it had been before.

“举重若轻与举轻若重如都能掌握，那么相互结合之下，就可以凝聚出 紫气驭鼎功内，唯一的一个神通之法！”
“If I can master both Heaviness-in-Lightness and Lightness-in-Heaviness, then by using them together, I can perform the only divine ability within the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art!”

白小纯深吸口气，目中露出期待。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, and his eyes shone with anticipation.

“紫气化鼎！”
“Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning!”

白小纯收了木剑，闭上眼站在院子里，许久之后，他右手突然抬起，向着半空一指，立刻在他前方半空中，原本看不到的体内灵气，竟闪动光芒出现，仔细一看，灵气如丝，正飞快的勾勒出一个鼎的样子。
Bai Xiaochun put the woode n sword away, then closed his eyes for a long moment. Suddenly, he lifted his right hand and pointed up into the sky. Instantly, his previously invisible internal spiritual energy suddenly appeared in a dazzling flash, the thin strands of spiritual energy rapidly forming into the outline of a cauldron.

似有某种神秘的力量引导，使得这尊鼎，快速的成型。
It was as if some mysterious power were guiding them, transforming them into that specific shape.

与此同时，阵阵惊人的威压，也赫然从这鼎上扩散出来，灵压之大，竟比之前飞剑时，还要强悍。
Pulses of incredible pressure began to radiate out from the cauldron, spirit pressure which was even more powerful than the pressure from the flying sword.

而白小纯这里，面色也飞快的苍白，体内的灵气正急速的消耗，直至耗费了近乎八成，那尊鼎才彻底成型，在半空中散发出更为强烈的灵压，随着白小纯向前一指，此鼎猛地冲出，狠狠一砸。
Bai Xiaochun’s face rapidly drained of blood as the spirit pressure within him was depleted by nearly eighty percent. At that point, the cauldron was fully formed, and was emanating an intense spirit pressure. Bai Xiaochun gestured with his fingers, sending the cauldron smashing down toward the ground.

碰触地面的刹那，鼎先碎，可有大量灵气扩散爆发。
When that happened, the cauldron shattered, and vast quantities of spiritual energy scattered about.

轰鸣之声更为强烈，甚至传遍四周，方圆百丈内的地面，立刻出现了咔咔声，竟有一道道裂缝瞬间出现。
A powerful boom echoed out, and the ground for 300 meters in all directions emitted cracking sounds as fissures spread out.

好在这香云山有阵法守护，那些裂缝很快就恢复消失，可这震动之力，依旧让不少外门弟子听到，纷纷诧异。
Thankfully, Fragrant Cloud Peak’s protective spell formation almost instantly repaired the damage. Even still, quite a few Outer Sect disciples who were nearby heard the muffled boom , and were shocked.

白小纯倒吸口气，他也没想到这紫气化鼎，居然如此强悍，这一击，甚至给他一种哪怕自己都无法对抗之感。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. He had never imagined that the Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning would be so impressive. A single attack from it seemed almost unbeatable.

“紫气化鼎，不愧是紫气驭鼎功内，唯一的神通，且需举重若轻与举轻若重都明悟后，才可施展。”
“Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning definitely deserves to be the only divine ability within the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art. No wonder it can only be unleashed after both Heaviness-in-Lightness and Lightness-in-Heaviness are completely understood.”

白小纯双眼露出明亮的光芒，但很快就皱起眉头，此神通虽强悍，可消耗实在太大了。
Bai Xiaochun eyes shone with a brilliant light, but almost in the same instant, he frowned. Although this divine ability was strong, it took a lot of energy out of him.

白小纯不知道，实际上他只是消耗了八成，这还是因为他的灵力精纯，若是换了其他弟子，即便也明悟了这个神通，但凝气八层以前，极难施展，体内灵气会被消耗一空，唯有到了凝气九层之后才可真正展开，不过也有不小的消耗。
Bai Xiaochun knew that the reason he had wasted only eighty percent of his spiritual power, and not more, was because it was so pure. Any other disciple who gained enlightenment of this divine ability before the eighth level of Qi Condensation would have had all of their internal spiritual energy drained. The only way to truly utilize the technique without incredible wastage was to wait until the ninth level of Qi Condensation.

“紫气驭鼎功内对这神通有介绍，分为上中下三品，此刻我所凝聚出的鼎，只是下品而已，若到了中品，可凝聚两尊鼎，到了上品，不但鼎会出现三尊，而且还可以融合在一起，形成一个大鼎！”
“According to the description of the Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning, it can be divided into high-grade, mid-grade, and low-grade levels. The cauldron I just produced was low-grade. If I can reach the mid-grade level, I’ll be able to form two cauldrons. By reaching high-grade, I can have three cauldrons, then form them together into one big cauldron!”

白小纯若有所思，盘膝坐下后开始吐纳，当明月高挂时，他睁开眼，目中露出灵芒，体内修为已回复的差不多。
After standing there thoughtfully for a moment, Bai Xiaochun sat down cross-legged and began to perform breathing exercises. It was not until the moon hung high in the sky that he finally opened his eyes, revealing a bright spirit glow in his eyes.

“这一式神通，可以作为我的杀手锏了，这样的话，那些周心琪的倾慕者若是惹急了我，我就砸他们一下。”
As of now, his cultivation base had almost fully recovered. “A divine ability like this can be used as a trump card. If Zhou Xinqi’s fans ever mess with me, I can use it to crush them.”

白小纯刚刚觉得放心，但却想到了那位钱姓内门弟子，眉头再次皱起。
Although Bai Xiaochun felt a little bit better, when he thought about the Inner Sect disciple named Qian, his brow furrowed.

“能成为内门，至少也是凝气八层以上 ”白小纯顿时觉得不放心，沉思时看了看自己的皮肤，双眼一闪，起身向前走出几步，速度飞快，右手抬起拇指与食指黑芒闪耀，向旁刹那一扣。
“You have to be at least in the eighth level of Qi Condensation to get into the Inner Sect” When he thought about that, Bai Xiaochun felt just as worried as before. He glanced down thoughtfully at his skin for a moment, and his eyes glittered. With that, he rose to his feet and took a few steps forward, picking up speed as he reached out with his thumb and index finger.

虚空传来咔咔之声，甚至隐隐有爆裂之感，白小纯这一捏之力，仿佛无坚不摧，他看向自己的两指，迟疑了一下，但很快就平静下来。
A black light flashed as the tips of those two fingers then touched each other. Cracking sounds rang out in the air, along with an explosive aura. Bai Xiaochun looked at his two fingers in surprise for a moment before recovering his composure.

“这是杀招 保命用的。”
“This is a killing move that I can use to save my own life.”

白小纯沉吟少倾，觉得这种保命的杀招，威力越大越好，只是对于不死长生功，白小纯是真的怕了。
After some more thought, he came to the conclusion that the more powerful the killing move, the better it would be for him. Now, the main thing he was worried about was the Undying Live Forever Technique.

他之前不死铁皮成了后，也尝试继续修行不死长生功，可只要一修炼，那种饥饿的感觉就再一次出现。
After acquiring his Undying Iron Skin, he had attempted to continue cultivating the Undying Live Forever Technique, but found that as soon as he began, he started feeling hungry again.

而这灵溪宗南岸，灵尾鸡只剩下了鸡崽，实在没吃的了，单单依靠平日里的灵食，白小纯很肯定，自己一定会被饿死。
Furthermore, the spirit tail chickens on the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect were no longer an option. He had only ordinary spirit food to rely on, which he was sure wouldn’t be enough to stave off his hunger.

他也满山都找过其他可以吃的灵兽，可自从偷鸡狂魔名声大噪之后，南岸三山本就不多的饲养灵兽的几处区域，已防护的极为严密。
He had searched the rest of the mountain high and low for other spirit creatures to eat, but ever since the Chicken-Thieving Fiend’s rise to fame, the three mountains on the south bank began to closely guard all the areas where spirit creature were raised.

白小纯也发愁啊，此刻又想起这个问题，顿时愁眉苦脸，正琢磨着有什么办法解决饥饿的问题时，忽然想到了当初的那枚延年益寿丹。
The anxiety on his face grew as he contemplated the problem. Even as he pondered how to solve the problem of the intense hunger, he suddenly thought back to the Age-Prolonging Longevity-Enhancing Pill.

“对啊 ”白小纯眼睛一亮，灵药有很多种，不仅仅增加修为，还有的可以补充元气，而白小纯经历了不死铁皮后，也已经发现，修炼不死长生功，实际上需要的就是元气。
“Yeah, that's right” he said, eyes beginning to shine brightly. Not only could that pill increase one’s cultivation base, it also replenished vital energy. After acquiring his Undying Iron Skin, he realized that cultivating it actually required vital energy, which was why he got so hungry.

“我现在草木造诣大成，虽没有去晋升，可完全可以自己炼药了，且宗门内虽然成品灵药价格不菲，可在草木上却便宜很多。”
“I’ve made huge strides in my skill with plants and vegetation, and although I haven’t been promoted yet, I can still concoct medicine on my own. Furthermore, although the cost of some spirit medicines is very high within the sect, the actual ingredients are relatively cheap.”

白小纯越想越觉得这是个办法。
Bai Xiaochun was becoming more and more convinced that he had come up with a solution.

“这样的话，我提前接触炼药，等之后去考核晋升时，把握也会大很多，日后炼制出筑基丹也会更轻松。”
“Basically, I can just concoct my own medicine. That way, when the time comes to take the promotion test, I’ll be much more confident. Also, it will be much easier to concoct a Foundation Establishment Pill in the future.”

白小纯立刻有了决断，拄着下巴目中露出思索，直至第二天清晨，他身体直接跃起。
Having made his decision, he set his jaw thoughtfully to ponder the matter further. The next morning at dawn, he fairly leapt to his feet.

“炼药需要药方，这个也简单，不需要晋升药徒才可以得到，山下的坊市内，就有贩卖一些零散的药方。”
“Concocting medicines requires medicine formulas, and I can get those even without being promoted to journeyman apothecary. All I have to do is head to the market at the bottom of the mountain and I’ll be able to purchase whatever random medicine formulas are available.”

白小纯摸了摸口袋，他到了香云山后，几乎没有花钱的地方，身为外门弟子每个月都可以拿到一些灵石，如今也攒了不少。
Bai Xiaochun patted his bag of holding and thought about how he hadn’t really spent much money at all since arriving at Fragrant Cloud Peak. As an Outer Sect disciple, he was given a stipend of spirit stones every month, which meant he had quite a bit of savings built up.

对于这些身外物，他从来都不在意，此刻飞奔，顺着小路下了香云山。
The truth was that Bai Xiaochun didn’t really care much about material possessions, though. He immediately flew out of his courtyard onto the path that led dow n the mountain.

从来到香云山后，白小纯这还是第二次下山，当年第一次下山是去买药草换丹药，此刻他几乎刚刚离开香云山，立刻在青峰山上，就有两道身影直奔一处院子。
During the entire time he had been on Fragrant Cloud Peak, this was only the second time he had left the mountain to go to the markets. The first time was when he had purchased the medicinal plant he needed to trade for that medicinal pill. Almost as soon as he stepped foot off of Fragrant Cloud Peak, two people suddenly flew toward a nearby courtyard residence.

“陈师兄在不在！”
“Elder Brother Chen, are you home?”

“陈师兄，白小纯下山了！”
“Elder Brother Chen, Bai Xiaochun left the mountain!”

这两道身影都很强壮，修为不俗，都是凝气四层，此刻二人目中有兴奋，进入这院子里，一眼就看到了盘膝坐在院子内的一个大汉。
These two people were both quite powerful, with extraordinary cultivation bases in the fourth level of Qi Condensation. They burst excitedly into the courtyard, where a burly man could be seen sitting cross-legged in meditation.

这大汉身体更为魁梧，虎背熊腰，闻言双目开阖，有一抹精芒闪过。
The burly man was incredibly muscular, as broad-shouldered as a bear and a tough-looking as a lion, and as soon as he heard the words spoken by the two men, a bright gleam flickered in his eyes.

“白小纯？
“Bai Xiaochun?

他终于下山了么！”
So, he finally left the mountain, huh?”

大汉狞笑，身体蓦然站起，整个人如一座小山，气势不俗，更有凝气五层的修为之力，化作灵压散开。
The burly man laughed viciously, then suddenly shot to his feet. He looked as big as a mountain, and had profound energy, which came from a cultivation in the fifth level of Qi Condensation. As a result, he emanated a powerful spirit pressure.

他正是当年监事房的陈飞。
This was none other than Chen Fei, who used to work in the Supervisor's Department.

当年三人在监事房好好的，在那里几乎要什么有什么，不但有杂役伺候，更是克扣之下，还有灵石补充，却没成想被白小纯等人强行推上了山，成为了外门弟子，这两年的苦日子，让他们对于白小纯等人恨之入骨。
These three had been friends since back in those days, and at that time had lacked for virtually nothing. Not only did they have other servants to wait on them back then, they had also been able to embezzle quite a sum of spirit stones. Of course, they had never expected to be literally pushed into the Outer Sect by Bai Xiaochun and his friends.

可觉得张大胖不好惹，黑三胖更是难缠，唯有这白小纯，虽当初实力不俗，可总体感觉是最弱的，本打算找个机会报仇，但一来白小纯几乎从不出宗门，二来在这宗门内，陈飞虽然有些来头，可却不敢触犯门规。
The past two years had been hard on them, and their hatred for Bai Xiaochun had seeped deep into their bones. However, they couldn’t afford to provok e Big Fatty Zhang, much less Third Fatty Hei. On the other hand, even though Bai Xiaochun seemed strong, they were of the opinion that he was actually relatively weak.


Thus they had long since planned their revenge.


Unfortunately for them, during that entire time,


Bai Xiaochun never left the sect.


And in the end, even though Chen Fei had some connections, he didn’t dare to violate sect rules.

毕竟他最大的来头，也就是一个内门弟子的表哥而已，且平日里对他也不太搭理，在杂役时照顾，已是极限。
Actually, his biggest connection in the sect was his older cousin, who was an Inner Sect disciple. However, his cousin didn’t pay much attention to him, and had only helped him to a limited degree, even in his days as a servant.


Therefore, they had been forced to wait for two whole years for Bai

故而始终都在等待白小纯外出之时，这一等就是快两年，如今终于等待，且陈飞很有自信，他修为头段日子突破到了凝气五层，也打探了一下白小纯那里的修为，知晓了对方小比虽是第一，可却是取巧胜出。
Xiaochun to leave the sect. Now, the moment they had been waiting for had arrived. Chen Fei was feeling completely confident thanks to his recent breakthrough into the fifth level of Qi Condensation. After asking around, he knew the level of Bai Xiaochun’s cultivation, and had also heard about him taking 1st place in the recent competition, although the news was that he had won that victory by pure chance.

“当年被他的举重若轻唬住，还真以为他明悟了举重若轻，哼，逼得我等成为外门弟子，这口气，此番要狠狠地吐出！”
“Back then he scared us all by tricking us into thinking he had mastered Lightness-in-Heaviness. Hmph! I can't believe he forced us into joining the


Outer Sect.


At long last, I’m going to give vent to this anger of mine!”

陈飞眼中露出厉色，他倒没打算击杀白小纯，可却打定主意，要让对方骨断筋伤，至少躺一年才可。
A fierce gleam appeared in Chen Fei’s eyes. His plan wasn’t to kill Bai Xiaochun, just crush his bones and sever his tendons, enough to keep him bedridden for at least a year.

而这种事情，宗门虽还是会追究，可一不是当场抓住，二没有出现死亡，三他陈飞也有来头，就可以大事化小，小事化了。
Although the sect would surely investigate the matter afterwards, because there would be no eyewitnesses, because no death would be involved, and because Chen Fei had connections in the sect, the big matter would become a small one, and then that small matter would be easily resolved.

“技不如人，怨不得我等！”
“You can’t blame us if he just doesn’t measure up!”

陈飞身体一晃，直奔山下，他身后二人也跟随，三人很快下了山，找到了一处从坊市归来的必经之路，在这里等待起来。
Chen Fei flickered into motion, immediately heading down off the mountain, followed by his two friends. The three of them moved at top speed to a certain path they knew that Bai Xiaochun would pass on his way back from the market, and lay there in wait.

坊市不大，白小纯在这坊市内没用多久，便找到了两张一阶散方，一个是补充灵气，一个是滋养元气，这种滋养元气类的药方，高阶的罕见，可低阶的却有不少，大都是给凡人服用，强身健体。
The market wasn’t huge, so it didn't take Bai Xiaochun long to find two random tier-1 formulas. One of them could be used to replenish spiritual energy, the other was to enrich vital energy. When it came to formulas for enriching vital energy, the high-tier versions were very expensive. However, the low-tier versions, despite being uncommon, were mostly used by mortals for health and exercise purposes.

对于别人来说没用，可白小纯却如获珍宝，他有龟纹锅，寻常的丹药炼灵三次后，效果立刻不同。
Although most cultivators wouldn’t find them useful, to Bai Xiaochun, they were like precious treasures. After using his turtle-wok to perform a threefold spirit enhancement on the resulting medicinal pills, they would have completely different results.

又用余下的灵石买了多份炼制灵药的草药后，白小纯美滋滋的一拍储物袋，哼着小曲离开了坊市，走在回宗门的山间小路上，脑海里幻想自己炼药有成的一幕幕，更为开心。
Bai Xiaochun didn’t even spend very many of his spirit stones to get the necessary medicinal plants he would need to concoct the spirit medicines. Patting his bag of holding in happiness, he began to hum a little tune as he left the market. As he walked along the little path back to the sect, he fantasized about what it would be like to concoct the medicines, and he was very happy.

可就在他在这山间小路走了没多久，忽然神色一动，脚步蓦然停了下来，凝气六层之后，他的感觉敏锐了很多，立刻就察觉出前方有三个人的呼吸，这三人藏在草木内，在看到自己时，心跳略加快了一些。
However, before he had walked very far down the path, his expression suddenly flickered, and he stopped in place. After reaching the sixth level of Qi Condensation, his senses had grown much keener, and he could instantly detect the breathing of three people hiding in the nearby bushes. Their hearts were also racing as they watched him coming up the path.

眼看白小纯停顿，陈飞三人身影蓦然冲出，站在了白小纯的身前。
Seeing that Bai Xiaochun had stopped in place, Chen Fei and his two friends burst out to stand in front of him.

“白小纯，当年的恩怨，今天也该了断了！”
“Bai Xiaochun,” he said viciously, “the day has come to end our grudge!”

陈飞盯着白小纯，内心笃定，狞笑开口，他身后二人一样狞笑，快速散开，形包围之势。
His friends wore equally ferocious grins on their faces as they spread out to flank Bai Xiaochun.

第三十九章 碾压
0038 chapter-39

“陈飞？”
“Chen Fei?”

白小纯眨了眨眼，目光飞快扫过陈飞以及绕到自己身后的二人，察觉出他们的修为后，他也笃定下来。
Bai Xiaochun blurted, blinking. He quickly scanned Chen Fei and his two friends, and after determining the level of their cultivation bases, immediately relaxed.

“白小纯，你即便是现在跪地求饶，也都晚了，当初你出的主意，害的我们成为外门弟子，我陈飞等这一天，已很久了！”
“Bai Xiaochun, even if you drop to the ground and beg for mercy, it's too late. It was your idea to force us into the Outer Sect, and you’re going to pay for that. I, Chen Fei, have been waiting for this day for a long, long time!”

陈飞大笑，右手抬起一挥，顿时凝气五层的修为，轰然爆发，掀起四周不少落叶，看起来颇为不俗。
Laughing loudly, Chen Fei waved his right hand, unleashing the power of the fifth level of Qi Condensation. Numerous leaves were swept up into the air as a result, making for a very impressive scene.

“我陈飞进入外门后，所有时间都在修行，终于到了凝气五层，白小纯，今天我就明告诉你，就是要欺负你，让你骨断筋伤！”
“After joining the Outer Sect, I spent the entire time practicing cultivation, and now I'm in the fifth level of Qi Condensation. Let me tell you, Bai Xiaochun. Today you will truly understand what it means to be bullied.

陈飞笑声带着嚣张与得意，他右手掐诀，嗡的一声，面前出现了一把青色的飞剑，此剑只有半尺大小，看起来很是古朴，散出微弱的寒芒。
Your bones are going to be broken and your tendons severed!” Laughing with complacent arrogance, Chen Fei performed an incantation gesture with his right hand, causing a green flying sword to appear. It was only about 15 c entimeters long, but radiated a cold, ancient air.

白小纯身后的那两位，也都狞笑，齐齐散开修为，手中各自出现了一把飞剑。
As for Chen Fei’s two friends who had flanked Bai Xiaochun, they smiled viciously as they unleashed their cultivation bases and produced their own flying swords.

在这三人的包围下，他们有绝对的把握，三打一，必定碾压白小纯，尤其是他们现在见识与以前不一样了，早就分析出白小纯这里，根本就没有完全掌握举重若轻之法。
Considering they had him surrounded, and outnumbered him three to one, they were completely confident that they could crush Bai Xiaochun. That was especially true after their own analysis led them to the conclusion that Bai Xiaochun had never fully mastered Lightness-in-Heaviness like they originally thought he had.

“你若一直不下山也就罢了，既然下了山，出了宗门，今日让你知晓，当年犯下的错误，要付出多么大的代价！”
“You would have been safe if you had never left the mountain. But here you are, outside the sect. And now you will understand the great price to be paid for the error of your ways!”

陈飞只觉得胸口的一口气，此刻随着这番话语说出，吐出了大半。
Chen Fei felt a little better after having vented in this way, although anger still burned within him.

“你们三个在这里堵住我，不担心门规？”
“Aren’t the three of you afraid of violating sect rules by ambushing me here?”

白小纯看着陈飞，好奇的问道。
Bai Xiaochun asked, genuinely curious.

“门规？
“Sect rules?

哈哈，这里已是宗门外，况且你技不如人，骨断筋伤也怨不得旁人，大不了我等回头道个歉也就结束了！”
Hahaha! We're outside the sect right now. Plus, you don’t measure up to us at all in skill. No one’s going to blame us for breaking a few bones and severing some tendons.

陈飞得意的笑道，他甚至可以想象白小纯接下来的面色，一定会非常难看，甚至他都准备好了后续的嘲讽。
At the worst, we’ll have to make some apologies, and then the whole matter will be over with.” Chen Fei laughed proudly, imagining the image of Bai Xiaochun smashing into the ground. He was even preparing some good t aunts to use after beating him dow n.

可很快他就觉得不太对劲，白小纯太镇定了，面对自己三人的包围，神色非但没有出现自己所想的变化，甚至还露出古怪，竟摆出高手的姿态，傲然的开口说了一句话。
However, when he noticed how calm Bai Xiaochun was acting, he suddenly realized that something wasn’t right. Despite being surrounded on three sides, Bai Xiaochun’s expression hadn’t changed at all, and in fact, he seemed to find the situation somewhat odd. Looking like a master cultivator, Bai Xiaochun proudly said, “Oh, so that’s how it is.

“原来是这样啊，那我就放心了。”
Well in that case I feel a lot better.”

陈飞双眼一缩，觉得更不对劲了，但此刻容不得他多想，低吼一声。
Chen Fei’s pupils constricted, and he felt even more ill at ease. However, now was not the time for pondering the situation.

“出手！” 话语一出，他掐诀间立刻飞剑直奔白小纯，与此同时，白小纯身后的二人，也都立刻掐诀，身前飞剑冲出。
“Attack!” he barked, performing an incantation gesture to send his flying sword shooting toward Bai Xiaochun. At the same time, his two friends also performed incantation gestures and sent their flying swords into action.

眼看这三把飞剑临近白小纯，白小纯脸上露出笑容，他甚至都没有取出法宝，身体向后一步退出，陈飞三人只觉得眼前一花，白小纯的身影就消失了。
Three flying swords were bearing down on Bai Xiaochun, who suddenly smiled. He didn’t even produce a magical item, he simply stepped backward. To the eyes of Chen Fei and his friends, Bai Xiaochun just seemed to vanish into thin air.

出现时，赫然在了左侧凝气四层的那个大汉身边，这大汉猛地睁大了眼，还没等反应过来，白小纯右手握拳，一拳轰出。
When he reappeared, he was right next to one of the burly men in the fourth level of Qi Condensation. The man’s eyes went wide, but before he could do anything, Bai Xiaochun clenched his right hand into a fist and punched out.

这一拳太快，直接就落在了这大汉的肚子上，轰的一声，大汉全身颤抖，一口鲜血喷出，身体弓了起来，如被一股大力冲击，顿时倒飞出去，撞在了一旁的大树上。
The fist moved with incredible speed, landing on the man’s neck with a boom . The man’s entire body was shaken, and he coughed up a mouthful of blood as he bent over backward. It was as if some massive object had slammed into him, he immediately flipped head over heels, slamming into a nearby tree.

那大树都颤动了几下，这大汉鲜血再次喷出，竟直接昏了过去。
The tree shuddered, and the man coughed up some more blood, then collapsed, unconscious.

这一幕变化太快，一旁另一个凝气四层的大汉，此刻骇然的看向白小纯，脑海嗡鸣，如有无数雷霆划过，他做梦也想不到，白小纯这里 居然有这么快的速度，而却力量之大，竟到了骇然听闻的程度。
This sudden development left the man’s companion staring at Bai Xiaochun in complete shock. His mind felt as if it were being struck by countless bolts of lightning. Even in his wildest dreams, he would never have imagined that Bai Xiaochun could possibly move so fast, or unleash such astonishing power.

陈飞面色猛地变化，倒吸口气，身体下意识的就后退，看向白小纯时，露出难以置信。
Chen Fei’s face fell, and he gasped. Without even thinking about it, he backed up, looking at Bai Xiaochun in disbelief.

“你 ”
“You”

“太弱。” 白小纯摆出高人的模样，似觉得孤傲天下，找不到对手，感慨时身体一步走出，到了另一位灵气四层大汉的面前。
“Too weak,” Bai Xiaochun said, looking like a profound master, alone in the world, unable to find a worthy oppon ent. Sighing, he took a step forward, appearing directly in front of the other fourth level Qi Condensation cultivator.

这大汉发出一声狂吼，全身修为爆发，催动面前的飞剑直奔白小纯，可白小纯的速度更快，不死长生功修成不死铁皮后，白小纯的肉身与速度，已很是惊人，此刻一晃就避开了飞剑，依旧是右手握拳，一拳落下。
The burly man let out a maddened shout, causing cultivation base power to surge wildly, sending the flying sword slashing toward Bai Xiaochun at top speed. However, because of the Undying Live Forever Technique, and his Undying Iron Skin, Bai Xiaochun’s fleshly body had reached a shocking level. He easily sidestepped the sword, then once again punched out with his right fist.

轰的一声，那大汉发出凄厉的惨叫，鲜血喷出，身体猛地被卷起，他的身后没有大树阻挡，竟被卷出了十多长外，倒在了地上，五脏六腑都在颤抖，爬不起来，近乎奄奄一息。
A boom rang out, and the man let out a miserable shriek. Blood sprayed everywhere as he was sent spinning backward. There was no tree for him to run into, so he landed about thirty meters away, his internal organs vibrating painfully. He couldn’t even get back to his feet, he just lay there, seemingly struggling to hold on to life.

“太弱了。” 白小纯摇了摇头，看向此刻双腿都在颤抖的陈飞。
“Too weak,” Bai Xiaochun said, shaking his head. Then he looked back at the trembling Chen Fei.

“你 你 ”陈飞脑海嗡嗡，整个人都快傻了，他无法想象前一刻自己还胜券在握，可下一瞬却发现这白小纯居然如变身一样，堪比凶兽。
“Y-you you” Chen Fei’s mind was spinning, and he suddenly felt like a complete fool. He had absolutely no confidence in being able to win now, Bai Xiaochun had suddenly transformed into something like a wild beast.

那两拳，竟直接将二人打的生生晕了过去，他难以衡量这得需要多么大的力气，此刻下意识的咽下唾沫，身体猛地后退，根本就生不起丝毫要去战斗的心思，整个人脑海里唯一的念头，就是逃。
Two fist attacks had easily knocked out his two friends, that in itself required an incomprehensible amount of power. Subconsciously swallowing, Chen Fei backed away, he had no desire to keep fighting, and the only thing he could think about now was to flee.

可他没等退后多远，白小纯速度飞快，瞬间追上，右手抬起还是一拳，这一拳在落下的刹那，陈飞身上突然光芒一闪，一枚小盾出现，阻挡在了白小纯的拳头上。
Before he could get very far, though, Bai Xiaochun flew forward at top speed, hand clenched into a fist which sped toward Chen Fei. Before it could land, a flashing light appeared in front of Chen Fei, and a little buckler materialized, which met Bai Xiaochun’s fist.

轰的一声，白小纯轻咦一声，身体微微顿了一下，与此同时那小盾颤抖，灵气都黯淡了，被这一拳直接打飞。
The resulting boom caused Bai Xiaochun to sigh. He shivered slightly, but at the same time, the buckler trembled, and it was sent spinning off to the side, its spiritual energy fading rapidly.

陈飞吓的魂飞魄散，这小盾是他花费不少贡献点买下，即便是凝气六层，短时间也都无法破开，可眼下居然被白小纯一拳轰的与自己都断了联系。
Chen Fei was now scared out of his mind. He had spent quite a few merit points on that buckler, and it should have been able to hold out for a while even against the sixth level of Qi Condensation. And yet, Bai Xiaochun had severed his connection with it in a single blow.

“白小纯，你 你别欺人太甚！” 陈飞骇然，发出凄厉之声。
“Bai Xiaochun, y-you you push things too far!” he shrieked.

“哼，我明白告诉你，今天就是要欺负你，打你个骨断筋伤！”
“Hmph! Let me tell you, today you will truly understand what it means to be bullied. Your bones are going to be broken and your tendons severed!” Bai

白小纯心里都乐开了花，眼看对方恐惧，这种让自己舒爽的事情，他是从来不会放过的，于是不但重复了对方的话，更是全身修为猛地散开，凝气六层的修为之力，顿时爆发，掀起四周狂风，就连他的头发也都飘舞，气势惊人。
Xiaochun was happier than ever to see the terror in Chen Fei’s eyes. He would never give up an amazing chance like this. Furthermore, he didn’t just repeat Chen Fei’s words, he also unleashed his cultivation base, allowing the power of the sixth level of Qi Condensation to erupt out. A huge wind swept up, sending his hair flying about, and his energy soaring.

“凝气六层 ”陈飞眼珠子都快鼓了出来，头皮发麻，踉跄后退时，白小纯已然追上，再次一拳，这一次没有盾牌阻挡，直接打在了陈飞的身上。
“Sixth level of Qi Condensation” Chen Fei gasped, his eyes bulging and his scalp tingling in fear. He staggered backward as Bai Xiaochun closed in with another punch. This time, there was nothing he could do to block it, and the fist slammed into him.

陈飞全身一颤，鲜血喷出，惨叫中身体被卷起，可他毕竟虎背熊腰，且还是凝气五层，没有晕倒，而是拼了全力要逃走，他此刻心中苦涩到了极致，更是暗恨自己为什么选择在这里，此地与宗门之间 还有一些距离。
Blood sprayed out of his mouth as he flew backward, his entire body vibrating. A miserable shriek rang out. It didn't matter that he was as broad- shouldered as a bear and a tough-looking as a lion, or that he was in the fifth level of Qi Condensation. He was now going all-out to escape, heart filled with intense bitterness, rueing his decision to try to ambush Bai Xiaochun in a place so far away from the sect.

眼看白小纯如凶兽一样再次扑来，陈飞发出凄厉之音。
However, Bai Xiaochun was chasing after him like a wild beast, causing

“白小纯，你就不怕违反门规！”
Chen Fei to shriek, “Bai Xiaochun, aren’t you afraid of violating sect rules?”


Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat, then repeated Chen Fei’s own words.

“门规？
“Sect rules?

哈哈，这里已是宗门外，况且你技不如人，骨断筋伤也怨不得旁人，大不了我等回头道个歉也就结束了！”
Hahaha! We're outside of the sect right now. Plus, you don’t measure up to me at all in skill. No one’s going to blame me for breaking a few bones and severing a few tendons.

白小纯干咳一声，把对方的话再次重复一遍后，上前一脚踢出。
At the worst, I’ll have to make some apologies, and then the whole matter will be over with.” Then he kicked out with his foot.

这一脚，直接将陈飞整个人踢到了半空，陈飞再次喷出鲜血，目中露出绝望，惨叫中还没等他落下，白小纯已冲了过去，拳打脚踢。
That kick sent Chen Fei flying up into the air, where he once again coughed up a mouthful of blood. A look of despair appeared on his face, and he screamed. However, before he could even land on the ground, Bai Xiaochun began to batter him with more punches and kicks.

陈飞恐惧，惨叫之声不断传出，到了最后整个人已臃肿起来，连惨叫都渐渐微弱了。
Chen Fei was terrified, and couldn’t stop screaming. Soon, he was completely swollen from head to toe, and his screams were weakening.

全身上下骨断筋伤，面色惨白，趴在那里全身都没了知觉，看向白小纯时，已露出强烈到了极致的恐惧。
His bones were broken, his tendons severed, and his face ashen. He soon lay there, numb and staring at Bai Xiaochun in complete horror.

在他看去，白白净净有些瘦小的白小纯，根本就是一个披着人皮的凶兽，尤其是这白小纯从始至终，居然没有用出任何法宝，只是凭着强悍的身体与那惊人的速度，就将他们直接碾压。
Although Bai Xiaochun was pure, fair and somewhat skinny, what Chen Fei saw was a vicious beast disguised in human skin. That was even more so the case when Chen Fei realized that Bai Xiaochun hadn’t even used any magical items. He had only relied on the terrifying strength of his own body to crush him.

远处凝气四层的两个大汉，此刻也都苏醒，眼睁睁的看着这一幕，只觉得头皮发麻，心惊肉跳，赶紧又装作昏迷的样子，一动也不敢动，生怕引起白小纯的注意。
Off in the distance, the two burly men in the fourth level of Qi Condensation regained consciousness, and when they saw what was happening, their scalps went numb and their hearts began to pound. They immediately pretended to go unconscious again, not daring to move lest they attract the attention of Bai Xiaochun.

眼看陈飞奄奄一息，白小纯觉得无趣，收了灵气，在三人的恐惧中，把三人的储物袋都翻了一遍，拿走了所有物品后，还把小盾也都取走，这才继续哼着小曲，顺着山路走向宗门。
Seeing that Chen Fei was gasping for breath, Bai Xiaochun finally lost interest. He settled his spiritual energy, then emptied their bags of holding and also took the little shield. Humming a little tune, he continued on his way down the path. As he watched Bai Xiaochun leaving, Chen Fei wanted to cry, but no tears would come.

“该死的，是谁告诉我这白小纯在香云山小比，取巧获胜的！”
“Who the hell told me that Bai Xiaochun won the Fragrant Cloud Peak competition by pure chance?”

望着白小纯的背影，陈飞欲哭无泪，他若早知道白小纯这样恐怖，打死他都不来找白小纯的麻烦。
If he had known all along that Bai Xiaochun was this terrifying, not even the threat of being beaten to death could have convinced him to stir up trouble.

那两个凝气四层的大汉，哭丧着脸，看向白小纯的背影时，露出强烈的恐惧。
As for the other two burly men, they were scowling miserably, hearts filled with terror as Bai Xiaochun made his way off.

“陈师兄，怎么办 要不我们别惹他了，化解吧，我听说许宝财都和他化解了。”
“Elder Brother Chen, what do we do now? Let’s just leave him alone, let bygones be bygones. I heard that's what Xu Baocai did.”

二人眼巴巴的看着陈飞。
The two men anxiously awaited Chen Fei’s response.

陈飞也心底苦涩，沉默片刻后一咬牙。
Chen Fei’s heart was filled with bitterness. After a moment of thought, he gritted his teeth.

“报复我自然想，可打不过怎么办 此事我好好想想 ”
“I want revenge, but can't get it myself. What should I do? I need to think”

第四十章 追求极致
0039 chapter-40

哼着小曲，白小纯很是愉悦的踏入宗门，回到院子时，他还感慨了一番。
Bai Xiaochun returned to the sect humming a little tune and feeling secretly delighted. After reaching his courtyard, he sighed.

“修仙是为了长生，这些人啊，总是打打杀杀，脑袋有毛病。”
“I practice immortal cultivation to live forever. People like that who are always fighting and killing are complete lunatics.”

在院子里，白小纯整理了一下陈飞三人的储物袋，这三人并非富有，口袋干瘪，白小纯收获不大，但也没太在意，他取出自己购买的那些草药，拿在手中仔细的观察，每一个都看的很认真。
He sat down in his courtyard, and began to organize the various items he had taken from Chen Fei and his friends. They were by no means rich, which meant that Bai Xiaochun didn’t actually make off with very much, although he didn’t really care either way. When he was finished, he took out the medicinal plants he had just purchased and examined them carefully for a while.

虽然他有深厚的草木基础，但却没有太多机会接触真正的草药，此刻随着观察，渐渐与脑海里的知识结合，甚至他还时而轻轻划开草木，细致的观察内部的结构。
Although he had a profound foundation in plants and vegetation, he actually didn’t have much experience dealing with the plants themselves. Now that he was able to examine these plants in person, his observations melded with the information that already existed in his mind. He even scratched the surfaces of some of the plants off to examine their internal structure.

一一印证后，白小纯若有所思，又取出了买来的两个散方，补充灵气的散方他只是一眼扫过，重点放在了可以让凡人强身健体的药方上。
After doing some tests, a thoughtful expression appeared on Bai Xiaochun’s face, and he pulled out the two random formulas he had acquired. After glancing at the formula for replenishing spiritual energy, he focused on the other formula, designed for mortals who wished to strengthen their physical bodies.

“长寿香 ”白小纯喃喃低语，这药方需要的药草不多，只有七种，在搭配上也没有什么独到之处，只是用相生相克的原理，激发出这七种药草之力，化作粉末，凝聚成香。
“Longevity Incense” he murmured. This particular medicine formula didn’t require the use of very many medicinal plants, only seven. Furthermore, there wasn't anything very special about the way they interacted. However, by using the techniques of mutual augmentation and suppression, it was possible to draw up the power of those seven medicinal plants, crush them into a powder, and then turn that into incense.

尤其是里面有两种，还是有毒之物，虽不是什么剧毒，对修士来说最多拉半个月肚子，但对凡人而言，也是要命。
Two of the plants were even toxic. If a cultivator consumed them, it would merely lead to two weeks of diarrhea. To mortals, however, they would be fatal.

“天地间草木灵植众多，有的可以直接服用，有的可以炼丹使得效果更好，可也有不少因有毒，所以只能炼香。”
“There are many types of spirit plants in heaven and earth. Some can be directly ingested, whereas others need to be concocted into pills to bring out their optimum effects. There are many which, because of their toxicity, can only be used to concoct incense.”

白小纯沉吟中，把炼制长寿香的药草一个个都仔细的观察，直至对于这七种药草了解到了入微。
Muttering to himself, Bai Xiaochun took out the medicinal plants needed for the Longevity Incense, whereupon he began to study them in minute detail.

“还是不稳妥，炼药的重点，是成药的几率，虽然是最简单的一阶灵药，可依旧存在了很高的失败率。”
“I'm still not totally confident in this,” he thought. “The most important thing to think about in concocting medicine is the success rate. Even the simplest tier-1 spirit medicines still have a high rate of potential failure.

“我的这些药草每种只有十份，不可浪费了。”
“I have ten sets of each medicinal plant. I can’t waste them.”

白小纯性格谨慎，一切求稳，背诵草木时就已入微，此刻在炼药前，他一样如此，没有立刻炼制，而是研究药方。
Bai Xiaochun was a cautious person, and prefered to be confident before doing anything. That was exactly how he had been back when he had absorbed himself in memorizing all the different types of plants and vegetation, and the current situation was the same. Instead of immediately trying to concoct the medicine, he preferred to por e over the medicine formula first.

时间一天天过去，七天后，当他对这药方已经完全吃透后，闭上眼在脑海里不断地分析推演，直至黄昏时分，才睁开眼，想了想后，又取出了补充灵气的药方，再次研究。
Seven days passed. After fully absorbing the information from the medicine formula, he then closed his eyes and began to analyze the matter further. It was evening when he finally opened his eyes. Then, after a bit more thought, he produced the formula for the spiritual energy replenishing medicine and began to review it.

直至半个月后，白小纯双眼都有了血丝，这两份药方以及所有需要的药草，都已被他彻底明悟，这才沉吟片刻，猛地起身，走出院子。
Two more weeks passed. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bloods hot, but by now, he felt that he completely understood all of the various medicinal plants that were part of these medicine formulas. After more thought, he rose to his feet and walked out of the courtyard.

炼药需要丹炉，可丹炉的价格不菲，白小纯换不起，好在宗门内有专门给弟子炼药配备的炼药阁，只需花费一些不多的贡献点，就可以在里面炼药。
Medicine concocting required a pill furnace, but those were quite expensive, more expensive than Bai Xiaochun could afford. Thankfully, in the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, there were pill furnaces available for use by disciples in their medicine concocting, at the price of a few merit points.

炼药阁在香云山的东面，距离白小纯所在的地方并不是太远，此地平日里不像万药阁那样人山人海，较为安静，毕竟有资格炼药的人，即便是香云山上，也没有太多，且有不少都获得了属于自己的丹炉，也不需要来这里。
The Medicine Concocting Pavilion was on the east side of Fragrant Cloud Peak, not too far from where Bai Xiaochun lived. It wasn’t like the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion, which was always teeming with crowds of people.


The


Medicine Concocting Pavilion was a relatively quiet and peaceful place.


After all, even on Fragrant Cloud Peak, people who qualified to concoct medicine were relatively few in number.

缴纳了一定的贡献点，换取了在这炼药阁一个月的时间，白小纯走了进去，此地被分成了上百个单独的房间，每一个四周都有阵法封印，使炼药之人不会受到外界丝毫的打扰。
Of that small number, quite a few already had their own personal pill furnaces, and didn’t need to come here to rent one. Bai Xiaochun paid for the right to use the Medicine Concocting Pavilion facilities for an entire month. He was given a personal workshop, complete with a protective spell formation that prevented any interference from outside while he worked.

拿着换来的木牌，白小纯走到序列十三的房间，目光一扫，这房间不大，四周空荡荡的，中间有一口丹炉，丹炉下似有火焰微微燃烧。
Clutching the woode n key he had been given, Bai Xiaochun quickly found workshop 13 and walked inside. It wasn’t very large, and was completely empty except for the pill furnace and the flame which burned beneath it.

盘膝坐下后，白小纯深吸口气，目光落在丹炉上，仔仔细细的观察一番，又看向下面的火焰，尝试有灵气一催，顿时火焰一下子强烈起来，整个房间内热度攀升，丹炉更是肉眼可间的微红。
After sitting down cross-legged, Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, then examined the pill furnace closely. When he tried to manipulate the flame with some spiritual energy, he found that he could cause the flame to grow much hotter, filling the entire room with intense heat. At the same time, the pill furnace itself began to glow bright red.

连续多次尝试，以白小纯能凝聚出紫气化鼎的境界，很快他就对控制火的力度，熟悉起来，觉得可以灵活操控火焰后，他一拍储物袋，将草木取出。
Drawing upon his foundation in the Violet Qi Control Art, he performed some tests, and quickly got used to the intense heat. It didn’t take long before he became familiar with how to control the level of the flame. Finally, he slapped his bag of holding to produce the various types of plants and vegetation.

“长寿香对我现在来说非常重要，不可先去炼制，需要对炼药熟悉后，才可去炼，那么现在就拿补灵丹练手好了，此丹一阶，适合凝气五层以下。”
“The Longevity Incense is too important to put first on the list to concoct. First I’ll get familiar with the general concoction process, then I’ll try. I’ll start out with the Spirit Replenishing Pill. That's a tier-1 pill, useful for the fifth level of Qi Condensation and lower.”

白小纯有了决断，神色极为认真，脑海将补灵丹的药方再次回忆一下后，开始炼药。
Bai Xiaochun was now completely determined. Expression very serious, he mentally reviewed the medicine formula for the Spirit Replenishing Pill, then began to concoct.

他取出补灵丹所需的一株药草，拿在眼前右手一挥，立刻这株药草的叶子全部落下，白小纯双眼凝重，体内灵气散出，形成一股大力狠狠一揉，顿时那些叶片被挤压在一起，挤出了九滴汁液，落在了丹炉中。
He produced the first medicinal plant, then waved his hand, causing the leaves to fall off. Eyes gleaming with concentration, he sent his internal spiritual energy out, forming a powerful yet gentle force that crushed the leaves together into nine beads of sap, which he then dropped into the pill furnace.

碰的一声，丹炉内立刻升起阵阵青雾，白小纯的精神高度集中，在这雾气出现的刹那，双手飞快的将手中的药草茎脉剥离，一一扔入丹炉内，又不时的去控制火焰，使得丹炉内的雾气更多。
A plopping sound could be heard, and a green mist instantly rose up within the pill furnace. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes gleamed brightly, and as soon as the mist actually appeared, his hands flew through the air as he extracted the stems and veins of the medicinal plant, which he then tossed into the furnace as well. Occasionally, he adjusted the flame, ensuring that more and more mist built up inside the furnace.

但偏偏没有散开，而是凝聚在一起，不断地翻滚时，白小纯取出第二株药草，在手中催化，使得这株药草立刻开花，取下花瓣扔进丹炉。
None of that mist escaped outside, though. It congealed together, swirling as Bai Xiaochun pulled out the second medicinal plant. After catalyzing it briefly, the medicinal plant bloomed with flowers, the petals of which he plucked and put into the pill furnace.

时间流逝，白小纯全身心的投入进去，不断地拿出药草，直至放下了八种后，他目中露出明亮的光芒，盯着丹炉，操控地火缓缓改变温度，只是额头的汗水却在这精神的高度集中下，顺着脸颊滴落。
Time passed. Bai Xiaochun was completely focused on what he was doing as he pulled out one medicinal plant after another. Soon he was on the eighth plant, and his eyes were shining brightly as he stared at the pill furnace. As he continuously adjusted the temperature of the flame, sweat dripped down his face.

一个时辰后，一声闷闷的轰鸣从丹炉内传出，与此同时焦黑的雾气扩散，虽然很快就被这房间内的阵法吸走，可白小纯依旧被呛得咳嗽起来，面色难看的望着丹炉内的黑色残渣，皱起眉头。
Two hours later, a muffled rumbling could be heard from inside the pill furnace. Black smoke poured out, to be absorbed by the room’s spell formation. Bai Xiaochun was choking and coughing, and a frown could be seen on his face as he stared at the charred slag inside of the pill furnace.

“失败了 ”白小纯坐下后拄着下巴，目中露出思索，仔细的回忆炼药的所有细节，没有继续炼丹，他的性格谨慎，所以无论是在背诵草木还是炼药，都追求最大的保险。
“Failure” he murmured. Sitting down and placing his chin on his hand, he began to think. After reviewing everything he had done, he didn’t begin another batch immediately. After all, he was a cautious person, and whether it came to memorizing plants and vegetation or concocting medicine, he always wanted to do i t in the most prudent way possible.

这一想就是三天，三天后他在脑后里将首次炼药的过程回忆了至少上千遍，找出了不下五十多处问题，这才深吸口气，略作休息，再次开炉。
He contemplated the matter for three full days. During that time, he reviewed what he remembered regarding his first attempt at least a thousand times. That helped him to identify at least fifty problematic areas. Finally, he took a deep breath, rested for a moment, and then once again heated up the furnace.

真正炼丹的时间实际上不长，两个时辰后，丹炉再次轰鸣，依旧有雾气散开，炉内的残渣再次出现。
The actual time it took to produce the pill wasn’t very long. Four hours later, the pill furnace emitted rumbling sounds once again, and when the smoke cleared, the spoiled remnants of the pill once again became visible.

白小纯性格中执着劲上来了，他捞出那些残渣仔细的研究后，结合脑海中炼制炼药的过程，又研究药方，研究草木，这一次竟研究了十天的时间，才红着眼，开了第三炉。
At this point, his stubborn determination once again rose up. Removing the slag from the pill furnace, he examined it closely, then compared it to the information he had gleaned so far about medicine concocting. He then spent ten more days further examining the medicine formula, as well as the plants and vegetation involved. Finally, eyes bloods hot, he began to try a third time.

只是这第三炉，在开始的过程中都很平稳，可就在要成丹的瞬间，再次碎裂，轰鸣闷闷回荡时，白小纯跳了起来，死死的盯着丹炉的残渣，沉默了很久很久，坐在一旁闭上眼，再次沉思。
The third batch seemed much more stable, but just in the moment when the pills were about to solidify, everything fell apart, accompanied by muffled boom s. Bai Xiaochun leapt forward and stared at the slag again. After more thought, he sat down cross-legged and closed his eyes to ponder the matter further.

这一次，他思索了差不多半个月，直至在这药方的时间快要结束时，才睁开眼，咬牙之下，开了第四炉。
This time, he spent nearly half a month. His time in the Medicine Concocting Pavilion was almost up. Finally, his eyes opened, and he gritted his teeth as he began a fourth batch.

最终，在炼丹房的时间截止时，这一炉依旧失败了。
Eventually, his time was up, and the most recent batch was a failure.

这一幕若是被其他药徒看到，定会觉得不可思议，一个月的时间，换了其他人，至少可以炼出数十炉，无论如何，也都可以炼出成果。
If any journeyman apothecary could observe what was happening, he would find it hard to believe. Almost any other person would have attempted at least dozens of batches of medicine within a month’s time, and would have succeeded in at least some of them.

哪怕只炼成一粒，也都是收获。
Even if they only came up with one pill in the end, it would still count as a success.

因为在几乎所有人看去，炼药的确是非常非常难，不然的话也不可能真正的药师，整个东林洲就两位而已。
After all, most people viewed medicine concocting as something extremely difficult. If that weren’t the case, then there would be more than a mere two master apothecaries in all of the Eastwood C ontinent.

即便是药徒，也并非特别多，且往往大都一生没有希望进阶成为药师。
Even journeyman apothecaries were not very common, and most of them didn’t have any hope of ever becoming master apothecaries.

可实际上，造成这一切的主要原因，就是 没有那么的资源去让一个人药徒成长，若是资源足够，在不断地尝试下，不说必然可以成为药师，可至少几率会大了太多太多。
Of course, the real reason for that was most people didn’t have access to the resources which were needed to truly develop as a journeyman apothecary. In the end, though, if anyone worked long enough at it, their chances of eventually becoming a master apothecary would be much greater.

所以，炼药的成功几率，在所有人看来，想要提高的办法只有一个，那就是不断地练习，增加熟练度！
Therefore, most people believed that the best way to increase one's success rate in medicine concocting was simply to practice a lot!

而众人所追求的，也都是这种熟练度。
And that was why most people simply pursued practice.


After you got familiar enough with the process, your confidence in success would increase.

只有达到了足够的熟练，便可以使自身成功的把握增加，故而对于炼药失败，药徒都觉得是正常的事情，总结教训后，再次炼制，会慢慢的提高，尤其是这种寻常的丹药，材料又不贵，正是勤加练习的时候。
Of course, simultaneously, journeyman apothecaries came to view failure as an ordinary thing. After a failure, one could just begin again, and thus slowly improve. That was especially true of the more ordinary medicinal pills. Ingredients for pills like that were not very expensive, and could be used as fuel for that hard work and practice.

可白小纯这里，虽然路子是与所有人一样，可在速度上却慢了太多太多，每一次失败，他都是用无数倍炼丹的时间去不断的分析，不断地推演。
However, Bai Xiaochun walked a different path than others. He went much slower, and after every failure, he would spend more time analyzing why he had failed than he had in the actual concocting process. This had a lot to do with his caution. It would even be appropriate to call him scrupulous.

这与他的性格有关，他性格谨慎，更是心细，这种心细在他学习草木时只体现了一部分，可在接触炼药后，却是无限的放大，占据了最主要的心态。
Only a bit of that scrupulousness had come out during his time studying plants and vegetation. Now that he was making his first foray into medicine concocting, his scrupulous nature increased dramatically, becoming the most outstanding aspect.

因为心细，所以他失败后察觉出的问题比别人多，甚至不是多的一星半点，因为他想的多，看的细，哪怕别人认为不是问题的地方，在他看去，却觉得不对劲。
Because of that scrupulousness, he was able to identify even more problem areas than the average person would. In fact, the number of problems that other people might identify couldn’t even compare. He thought and pondered the matter in ways that others wouldn’t even consider, and thus identified various fishy areas.

又因为谨慎，所以哪怕一个细微的问题，他都必须要攻克后才可以去继续炼丹，所以，他思考的时间，才会是炼丹的无数倍。
Because of his caution, even the slightest problem was something he would wish to control before he continued with any concocting. It was because of these reasons that he spent so much time thinking.

一个月时间结束，白小纯披头散发，脸上都是黑灰，疲惫的走出炼药阁，回到院子后他沉默了很久，脑海里不断地回忆。
The month had passed, Bai Xiaochun’s hair was disheveled and his face was streaked with ash. Exhausted, he left the Medicine Concocting Pavilion and returned to his courtyard, where he sat there thinking and reviewing.

“还有九处地方有问题，这九处只有都解决了，才可以继续炼药。”
“There are still nine problem areas. Once I solve those problems, I should be able to continue with the medicine concocting.”

白小纯咬牙，坐在院子里闭目思索，脑海里不断地分析，时而还拿出药草入微观察。
Gritting his teeth, he sat there in his courtyard, eyes closed, analyzing the matter, occasionally taking a medicinal plant out to obs erve and study.

直至半个月后，他猛地冲出，再次花费贡献点进入炼药阁内。
Half a month passed before he suddenly rushed out, spent the merit points, and entered the Medicine Concocting Pavilion again.

第五次 失败！
The fifth batch was a failure!

他用了七天去分析原因，找出问题，解决问题，再次炼制。
After analyzing the matter for seven more days, he found more problems, solved them, and then tried again.

第六次 失败！
The sixth batch was a failure!

白小纯眼睛通红，耗费了二十天的时间，终于觉得再没有问题了，开了第七炉。
His eyes were bright red. He spent twenty days contemplating the matter before trying a seventh batch.

一个时辰过去，轰鸣没有出现，却又丹香扑面而来，白小纯振奋，看着丹炉内的两枚青色的丹药，他深吸口气，这是第七次，他成功了！
Two hours into the process, no rumbling sounds could be heard. Instead, a medicinal aroma spread out, and Bai Xiaochun’s face lit up. There inside the pill furnace were two green medicinal pills. The seventh batch was a success!

随后再次炼制，第八次 成功，出丹三枚！
He tried again, and the eighth batch succeeded, producing three pills!

第九次 成功，出丹五枚！
The ninth batch succeed, producing five pills!

第十次 依旧成功，只是，这第十次出现的丹，只有一枚，且颜色不是青，而是黑色，没有任何香气散出，甚至闻起来，还有一股怪味
The tenth batch also succeeded, However, in the end, only one pill appeared. It was not green, but rather, black. Furthermore, it emanated no medicinal aroma, but rather, different odd s cent.

在白小纯诧异时，整个炼丹阁内，顿时有了躁动。
Even as Bai Xiaochun pondered the matter curiously, the entire Medicine Concocting Pavilion was thrown into an uproar.

第四十一章 炼灵之效
0040 chapter-41

香云山是没有老鼠的，这种修行之地，老鼠除非是灵兽，否则的话不可能存在，只是山中却存在了不少蚂蚁。
There were no rats or mice on Fragrant Cloud Peak. Such things could not exist in a cultivation location such as this, not unless they were actually spirit creatures. However, ants were a common thing on the mountain.

这些蚂蚁本是自然之物，平日里在一些山石的缝隙内，也不会讨人厌，仿佛本就是山体的一部分，于是也就没有人去在意。
Ants were an ordinary part of nature, and usually lived in the cracks and crevices of the boulders which could be all over the mountain. They didn't cause problems for the cultivators, and were essentially just an ordinary part of mountain life. As such, few people paid them much attention.

可今天，在这炼丹阁的四周，守护在那里弟子全身一震，猛地站起，他发现地面上在刹那，就出现了无数的蚂蚁，这些蚂蚁直奔炼药阁。
Today, however, the disciples on duty around the Medicine Concocting Pavilion were shocked to find that innumerable ants were filing across the ground toward the pavilion itself. The disciples on duty gasped, there were so many ants it was impossible to determine how many they were. The sight itself was enough to make their scalps go numb.

“这 这是怎么回事！”
“What’s what's going on?”

守护在炼药阁的弟子倒吸口气，看着那些数不清的蚂蚁，只觉得头皮发麻。 与此同时，在这炼药阁内的很多房间，不少正在炼丹的弟子，全部都惊呼起来，更有轰轰的炸丹之声传出，更多的蚂蚁呼啸而来，即便是有阵法，可这一处处炼丹房本就是在山体内，那些蚂蚁顺着各个缝隙钻出。
At the same time, many of the disciples in the various pill-concocting workshops cried out in alarm, and the sound of explosions caused by failed batches of pills could be heard. Although the pill-concocting workshops were protected by spell formations, they were also built into the mountainside, which meant that the ants could easily get into them through the various tiny crevices that riddled the mountain.

直奔一个方向。
All of them were heading toward one particular workshop.

这个方向，就是白小纯所在的房间，此刻他好奇的拿起那枚黑色的丹药，神色诧异时，听到了阵阵轰鸣声从外面隐隐传来，与此同时他所在的房间地面上，突然出现了无数的蚂蚁。
That was of course the workshop occupied by Bai Xiaochun, who wore an expression of curiosity as he looked at a black medicinal pill. It was at about this time that he noticed the clamor outside, and suddenly realized that the workshop he was in happened to be filled with ants.

这些蚂蚁疯了一样，直奔白小纯。
The ants almost seemed to have gone insane, and all of them were heading directly toward him.

“香云山居然还闹蚁灾！”
“An ant apocalypse has struck Fragrant Cloud Peak!”

白小纯猛地跳起，觉得全身鸡皮疙瘩都起来了，可随着他跳起，有一些蚂蚁居然也跳了起来，直奔白小纯手中的黑色丹药。
Bai Xiaochun shrieked, leaping to his feet. Unexpectedly, even as Bai Xiaochun leaped to his feet, so did the ants, heading directly toward the black medicinal pill he held.

白小纯头皮发麻，眼看这一幕，也不管有用没用，赶紧将手中的丹药扔了出去，几乎就在丹药被扔出的瞬间，那些蚂蚁疯狂的改变方向，直奔丹药扑去。
Bai Xiaochun’s scalp was completely numb, and the first thing he could think of to do was throw the medicinal pill away. Almost as soon as it left his hand, the ants changed directions, pou ncing onto it.

丹药落地时，眨眼间无数蚂蚁就将其围住，很快形成了一个大球，这一幕幕看的白小纯面色苍白，神色骇然。
The pill was instantly engulfed, transforming into a ball of ants, the sight of which caused the blood t o drain from Bai Xiaochun’s face.

很快，这蚂蚁组成的大球就如坍塌一样倒下，无数蚂蚁钻入缝隙消失，至于那枚丹药，也一点都不剩了。
A moment later, the ant ball suddenly collapsed, and the ants scurried back into the cracks and crevices. No trace remained of the medicinal pill.

整个炼药阁内，瞬间再没有一只蚂蚁出现，它们来的快，消失的也快，此事尽管让那些炼丹的弟子郁闷，可却没有办法，守护此地的弟子眼看没有什么损失，虽好奇，可却没有上报。
In fact, not an ant remained in the entire Medicine Concocting Pavilion. The ants had come quickly, and vanished just as quickly. Of course, many of the disciples who had lost the spirit medicines they were working on felt a bit depressed at what had happened, but there was nothing they could do about it. Furthermore, the disciples on duty, having determined that no major losses had occurred, de cided not to report the strange incident.

毕竟只有白小纯看到了那些蚂蚁的疯狂，在其他人看去，只是蚂蚁大量的路过而已。
Bai Xiaochun knew exactly why the ants had gone crazy, but as for everyone else, the only thing they saw was a mass of ants passing through.

白小纯心有余悸，掀起方才自己炼的丹，似乎没有什么问题，只不过是自己实在太心细了，在炼制手法上，哪怕成功了，也要去精益求精，依稀记得，似乎最后一次炼补灵丹，仿佛调整了一下搭配的比例。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart was still thumping in fear. There hadn't seemed to be anything unusual with the pill he had just concocted. However, he had been very focused on doing a perfect job, a job even better than the previous attempt. Now that he thought about it, he realized that he had actually made some adjustments to the ratios in the last Spirit Replenishing Pill batch.

“莫非我最后炼制出的补灵丹，对于蚂蚁来说，也是大补之物？”
“Could it be that the final Spirit Replenishing Pill was something extremely beneficial to ants?”

白小纯挠了挠头，觉得自己似乎很厉害，不但可以炼出人吃的丹药，就连蚂蚁的丹药，也都可以炼制。
Bai Xiaochun shook his head as he thought about how incredible he was. Not only could he concoct shocking medicinal pills, he could concoct pills drove ants crazy.

走出房间时，听着四周其他房间也出来的那些炼丹的弟子，一个个的郁闷之声，白小纯觉得有些不好意思，连忙低头，赶紧离去。
Upon leaving the workshop, he heard the depressed mutterings of the other disciples, and felt a bit guilty. Ducking his head down, he quickly hurried away.

几天后白小纯眼看炼药阁没有什么风传出，这才再次到来，缴纳了贡献后，选了另一个房间，继续炼药。
A few days passed, during which Bai Xiaochun confirmed that the incident in the Medicine Concocting Pavilion didn’t cause any waves in the sect. Finally, he went back, paid his merit points, then selected a different workshop w ithin which to concoct medicine.

这一次，他开始炼制长寿香。
This time, he started working on the Longevity Incense.

炼香与炼丹虽大同小异，可也有一些手法上的区别，毕竟一个是吃下，一个是点燃吸气，尤其是最后成药时，一个是丹，一个却是凝聚在一起的香块。
Concocting incense and concocting pills were two different things, and required the use of different techniques. Pills were consumed, whereas incense was inhaled. Of course, the final form was different too, one being a pill, the other being a stick of incense.

有了上一次的经验，白小纯炼这长寿香时，保持谨慎与细心，最终用了两个月的时间，十份材料，成功了七份。
Considering what happened last time, Bai Xiaochun was very careful in the way he went about working on the Longevity Incense. Two months passed, and after using ten batches of ingredients, he ended up with seven portions.

这才满意的离去，拿着手中的七份长寿香，白小纯在他的木屋内，陆续的炼灵三次后，这七份长寿香的颜色已然是深紫色，上面三道灵纹虽黯淡下来，可依旧可以看清，且明显的，这长寿香给人的感觉，与之前截然不同。
He left feeling quite satisfied, seven portions of Longevity Incense in hand. Back in his log cabin, he performed a threefold spirit enhancement, after which the Longevity Incense changed to a deep violet color. Although the threefold spirit designs were somewhat faint, they were still visible. Furthermore, the feeling he got when looking at the incense was completely different than before.

白小纯看着手中的长寿香，若有所思，此刻的他不像之前，对于灵药懵懂，随着炼制灵药，他渐渐也明白了很多，知晓任何一种灵药在炼制出来后，大都存在了杂质，这些杂质是不可吸收、但又很难分离出去的那部分，随着吞下，会沉积在体内，渐渐化作所谓的药毒。
Bai Xiaochun looked thoughtfully at the Longevity Incense, and realized that he himself was also very different than he had been. Before, he didn't understand much at all about spirit medicine, but after concocting some on his own, he was much more knowledgeable. For example, he knew that any type of spirit medicine would have impurities, impurities that shouldn’t be absorbed into the body , and yet were difficult to separate out. Such impurities could build up inside the body and eventually become so-called medicinal toxins.

这也是宗门内不少长辈，对于门下弟子吞食丹药，有些迟疑的原因所在，理论上讲，一定量的药毒会被排除体外，可若吞下的丹药多了，那么药毒自然越多，渐渐沉积，会阻碍日后的修行。
That was why many experienced members of the Inner Sect were hesitant to recommend that less experienced disciples consume medicinal pills. Theoretically speaking, much of the medicinal toxins could be expelled out of the body . However, if someone consumed too many medicinal pills and accumulated too much medicinal toxin, it could influence their future cultivation.

所以根据灵药杂质的多少，把灵药分为六个层次。
Therefore, depending on how many impurities existed within a given spirit medicine, it would be classified as one of six different levels.

“下，中，上，佳，优，极 ”白小纯望着手中的长寿香，喃喃低语，杂质占据九成以上，那是毒丹，不入品，除非万不得已，否则没人会吃下。
“Low, mid, high, superior, premium, supreme” he murmured, looking down at the Longevity Incense. If the medicine was more than ninety percent impure, it would be considered a toxic medicine, and wouldn’t be classified in the hierarchy. Furthermore, such medicines would never be consumed unless absolutely necessary.

若是杂质占据八成左右，则被称为下品，这种灵药最多，而若杂质占据六成左右，则被称为中品，这一类灵药已经不多见了，唯有真正的药师才可以炼制出来。
If the medicine was around eighty percent impure, it would be considered low-grade, which was the most common type of spirit medicine. Sixty percent impurity was considered mid-grade, and such medicines were not common. In fact, only true master apothecaries were known to produce such medicines.

至于杂质只有四层，则是上品，更是少见，而杂质只有两成的佳品，以及杂质只有一成的优品，只有在一些大型的拍卖会上，才可偶尔出现。
Medicines which were only forty percent impure were high-grade, and were rare. As for medicines that were twenty percent impure, they were considered superior-grade, and if they were only ten percent impure, they were premium-grade. Those were medicines that usually only appeared in large auctions.

而那没有丝毫杂质的极品灵药，则是传闻中才有。
Then there were the spirit medicines that had no impurities whatsoever, the legendary supreme-grade medicines.

白小纯凝望长寿香，他之前给灵药炼灵时不懂，此刻这么仔细观察，立刻察觉出灵药的炼灵，不像是法宝那样直接提高威力，而是 改变了灵药的质量！
Before, he hadn’t really understood what he was doing when he performed spirit enhancements on the spirit medicines. But after closely examining the Longevity Incense, he realized that it didn’t make it more powerful, the way it did with magical items. Instead it actually improved the quality of the spirit medicine!

此刻他手中的长寿香，杂质只有四成，竟是佳品！
The Longevity Incense he held was now only forty percent impure, meaning that it was a high-grade medicine!

这一发现，让白小纯很是振奋，他沉吟片刻后，去了一趟紫鼎山，不是去找张大胖，而是去灵溪宗南岸，只有紫鼎山才有的炼灵堂！
As soon as he realized this, Bai Xiaochun got very excited. Then he considered the matter a bit more, and decided to make a trip to Violet Cauldron Peak. His purpose was not to visit Big Fatty Zhang, but rather, to visit the only Spirit Enhancement Hall that existed on the south bank of the

门下弟子，可以在这里付出贡献点，让炼灵堂的长老帮助炼灵，虽失败几率不小，可还是有不少弟子热衷于此。
Spirit Stream Sect. There, Outer Sect disciples could spend merit points to get help from the elders in the Spirit Enhancement Hall to perform spirit enhancements. Although there was still a chance of failure, many disciples frequented the place.

在这炼灵堂，白小纯观察一番，又找人问询，离去时他已确定，对灵药炼灵，的的确确是可以达到祛除杂质的功效。
After looking around the Spirit Enhancement Hall, and also making some discreet inquiries, Bai Xiaochun was able to confirm that performing spirit enhancements on spirit medicine did indeed reduce the impurities and make them more effective.

重新回到香云山，白小纯高兴的看着自己炼出的灵药，点燃一根深吸一口，立刻感受到身体明显的有种吃饱的撑感，且那阵阵香气融入全身，使得全身上下都暖洋洋的，如果生命是一团火，那么这一刻，他有种这团火被加入了一根小木柴的感觉，旺盛了一些。
After returning to Fragrant Cloud Peak, Bai Xiaochun looked excitedly at the incense he had made, then finally lit one stick and took a deep breath. Almost immediately, he felt as full as if he had eaten a big meal. Furthermore, as the aura of the incense spread out within him, he felt warm and comfortable. It was as if the flame of his life force had been fueled, and was now burning a bit hotter.

于是一边闻着长寿香，一边修行不死长生功，只要出现饥饿感，他深吸一口，那种感觉就会散去很多。
Continuing to inhale the incense, he went on to cultivate the Undying Live Forever Technique. As soon as the feeling of hunger hit him, he took a deep breath, and the feeling quickly faded.

七份长寿香，支撑了白小纯修行不死长生功半个月，半个月后他明显感受到自己的不死铁皮，更为坚韧，身体更强。
The seven sticks of Longevity Incense enabled Bai Xiaochun to cultivate the Undying Live Forever Technique for half a month. During that time, he could sense his Undying Iron Skin growing tougher and stronger.

白小纯昂扬，整理了一下储物袋，立刻下了山去了坊市，在那里卖掉了陈飞三人的那些物品，又买下了数十份炼制长寿香的材料，再次炼药。
Feeling in very high spirits, he organized his bag of holding, then went down to the market and sold some of the things he had acquired from Chen Fei and his friends. Using the profits, he purchased ten more sets of ingredients for Longevity Incense, and then once again began to concoct medicine.

他炼制长寿香的成功率，也在他不断地谨慎与心细下，快速的提高，从成药七成到了八成，直至最后，竟做到了保持在十成上。
Thanks to his constant caution and attention to detail, his success rate in concocting the Longevity Incense increased, rising from seventy percent to eighty, and eventually reaching one hundred percent.

只不过白小纯还是有些不满意，因为他虽然成功率提高到了十成，可炼制出的灵药，却都是下品而已。
However, he still wasn’t satisfied. Although his success rate had reached one hundred percent, the quality of the resulting spirit medicine was merely low- grade.

但此事短时间他难以提高，也就只能用炼灵来祛除杂质，平日里修行，不时的拿出长寿香，狠狠地吸上一口，那种感觉，让他觉得整个天地都是快乐的。
His skill was not something that could be changed in a short period of time, leaving him with only one option use spirit enhancement to remove the impurities. When he used the Longevity Incense in cultivation, he would breathe in deeply and feel the true happiness that could be attained in Heaven and Earth.

在这修行中，他的不死长生功与日俱增，甚至修为也都有所提高，渐渐接近凝气六层大圆满。
His Undying Live Forever Technique improved with each day, as did his cultivation base, which was now nearing the great circle of the sixth level of Qi Condensation.

而进步最快的不死长生功，只差一些，就可不死铁皮大成，白小纯全身上下，坚韧的程度超出之前太多，施展碎候锁时，双指的黑色，也都加深了了一些。
His greatest progress was with this Undying Live Forever Technique. With only a bit more work, he would be able to achieve a major success with his Undying Iron Skin. Bai Xiaochun’s body was far tougher and more durable than before, and when he used the Throat Crushing Grasp, his fingers were an even deeper black color than before.

可到了这个时候，长寿香的功效却慢慢的减少，直至最后，效果所剩无几，白小纯只能叹息，他明白这是因同一种灵药吸收太多，身体已适应，所以才没了效用。
By that time, though, the Longevity Incense was beginning to slowly lose its effectiveness. In the end, it did virtually nothing, causing Bai Xiaochun to sigh. He was aware that if you consumed enough of any given spirit medicine, the body would eventually adapt to it, and it would lose effectiveness.

想要继续修行，必须要换一种比长寿香更好的灵药才可，只是这一类灵药的药方控制的严格，坊市内没有的卖，想要获取，只能晋升为药徒后，以贡献去宗门换。
If he wanted to continue his cultivation, he would need a spirit medicine that was even better than the Longevity Incense. Unfortunately, the formulas for spirit medicines like that were strictly controlled. It was impossible to purchase them at the market, they could only be acquired with merit points after being promoted to journeyman apothecary.

再或者去一些更大的坊市，可那些坊市距离宗门都很远，白小纯思来想去，目中露出果断。
The only other option would be to go to a larger market, but places like that were some distance away from the sect. After considering the matter, Bai Xiaochun lit up with determination.

“去晋升药徒！”
“I'm going to get promoted to journeyman apothecary!”

他琢磨着以自己的炼药经验，配合草木造诣，晋升药徒应该问题不大，可为了保险，在之后的日子里买下了其他几种散方，每一种都炼制两三次，总结失败，渐渐心中把握大了后，才去药师殿报了名，申请晋升。
Considering his experience concocting medicines, as well as his skill with plants and vegetation, it shouldn’t be too much of a problem to qualify for promotion. However, just to be safe, he spent the following several days buying a few more random medicine formulas. After concocting each one a few times, then analyzing his failures, he felt much more confident, and went to sign up for the journeyman apothecary promotion test.

这种晋升的考核，不会为一个人开启，只有人数差不多后，才会进行，又等了一个月，这一天白小纯正在思索炼制灵药上的一个问题，忽然储物袋内的身份令牌震动，取出时，一个苍老的声音在他心神内回荡。
Of course, the promotion test wasn't something held for a single individual. Only when enough people had signed up would the test be held. After waiting for another month, even as he was pondering some matters regarding spirit medicines, his identity medallion inside of his bag of holding began to vibrate. When he pulled it out, an ancient voice filled his mind.

“明日清晨，药师殿前，药徒晋升考核开始。”
“Tomorrow at dawn, come to the Journeyman Apothecary Hall, where the test for journeyman apothecary promotion will be held.”

第四十二章 晋升考核
0041 chapter-42

药师阁，在香云山的南侧，四周绿树葱葱，一条青石小路蜿蜒，与香云山主路连接，此地平日里没有晋升考核时，几乎无人到来，唯有在晋升考核时，才会来者众多。
The Journeyman Apothecary Hall was located on the south face of Fragrant Cloud Peak. It was surrounded by lush trees and vegetation, and could only be accessed by a narrow limestone path which snaked off of one of the main thoroughfares that ran up and down the mountain. Unless there was a promotion test underway, few people would walk along that path.


However, when the time came for the test, it would be packed.

除了要考核的弟子外，更多的则是这些人的朋友，又或者是想要参加，却觉得没有把握者，希望多观察几次，总结经验。
In addition to the disciples who had come to take the test, there were also friends who had come to support the test-takers, or even people who weren’t confident enough to take the test without first observing it being held a few times.

药师阁远远一看，仿佛一个人在盘膝打坐，惟妙惟肖，人前还有一个巨大的丹炉，这丹炉下方是空的，如被挖开了一个大洞，可以让人通过，走入阁前的广场。
From a distance, the Journeyman Apothecary Hall actually looked like a person sitting cross-legged in meditation. In front of that person was a pill furnace, beneath which was a passageway that led into a main square.

此刻在广场上，放着二十个丹炉，这些丹炉都是一模一样，没有什么区别，旁边各放着一个口袋，里面装着炼药所需的草木。
Set up in that main square were twenty pill furnaces, all of which looked completely identical. Laid out next to each of the pill furnaces was a bag containing various types of plants and vegetation that could be used in medicine concocting.

清晨时，白小纯担心又迷路，所以来的很早，可当他到了这里后却发现，比他早的大有人在，四周数十人，三三两两的低声交谈，还有几个似性格孤僻，独自盘膝打坐。
It was dawn, and Bai Xiaochun, worried about getting lost, had come very early. However, when he arrived, he found that there were people who had arrived even earlier than him. There were dozens of people standing around in groups of two or three, chatting quietly, and even some people who stood apart from the others alone, waiting cross-legged in meditation. Bai Xiaochun wasn’t the type of person to sit around like an idiot meditating.

白小纯显然不愿打坐傻等，于是目光一扫，竟看到了许宝财，上前时许宝财也注意到了白小纯，连忙抱拳，相互杂七杂八的说了起来，不外乎都是许宝财最近知晓的宗门弟子的消息。
After glancing around, he caught sight of Xu Baocai and walked over. When Xu Baocai saw him approaching, he clasped hands in greeting, and the two of them began to chat. It quickly became apparent that virtually nothing went on in the sect without Xu Baocai finding out about it.

“白师兄，你听说了么，陈飞三人半年前外出时，不知遇到了什么对头，被打的几乎不成人形，现在还在躺着呢，偏偏这三人不知为何，竟没有对外说出谁打的。”
“Elder Brother Bai,” he said, “did you hear that about half a year ago, Chen Fei and his friends were mysteriously beaten into bloody pulps? They’ve been bed-ridden ever since, and for some reason, won’t talk at all about what happened.”

许宝财一边说着，一边打量白小纯。
Even as he spoke, he looked at Bai Xiaochun carefully to see his reaction.

白小纯打了个哈哈，正要吹嘘几句，忽然人群内议论声多了，他更是有种似乎被人注视的感觉，连忙侧头一看，就看到了小路上有一个女子，迈步走来。
Bai Xiaochun yawned dramatically, and was just about to start boasting about what had happened when all of a sudden, a buzz of conversation rose up in the crowd. At the same time, Bai Xiaochun felt as if someone had suddenly looked in his direction. When he turned his head, he saw a young woman walking toward him.

这女子穿着外门弟子的长衫，可却无法遮掩凹凸的身材，腰细如柳，身姿在那几个弧形的勾勒下，展现出美妙绝伦，尤其是长长的大腿，还有紧绷的，随着走近，越发的让人望眼欲穿。
She wore the long garment of an Outer Sect disciple, but it did nothing to conceal her curvaceous figure. She had a waist as slender as a willow tree, which only served to accentuate the rest of her curves, and make her seem incredibly beautiful. She had long legs, and a perky rear end, and as she approached, pe ople couldn’t stop from staring.

此女面孔更是美艳动人，肌肤雪白，似吹弹可破，浑身上下无不散发出阵阵对男弟子致命的吸引力。
With her pretty face, and clear white skin that seemed so delicate it might be broken by a faint breeze, she oozed an attractiveness that could easily prove fatal to almost any man.

甚至白小纯都听到了身边不少人咽口水的声音，尤其是许宝财，更是这样，他顿时鄙夷。
Bai Xiaochun was a bit disgusted to hear people gulping dramatically, even Xu Baocai. Xu Baocai licked his lips, and his eyes shone with infatuation “That’s

“是杜凌菲杜师姐 我南岸五大美女之一啊，她是我心目中的仙子 啊，她向我看来了！” 许宝财舔了舔嘴唇，目中露出痴迷，低声开口时，忽然激动了。
Elder Sister Du, Du Lingfei!” he whispered excitedly. “She's one of the five hottest women on the south bank! She’s the immortal beauty of my heart Oh my goodn ess, she just looked at me!”

“她是在看我！”
“She’s looking at me!”

白小纯鄙视道。
Bai Xiaochun said derisively.

只见这杜凌菲走来后，凤目内突然多出了一丝煞气，狠狠地瞪了白小纯一眼，对于白小纯的草木造诣，她虽服气，可对此人却总是说不出的厌恶，轻哼一声，走到了另一边。
He simply watched as Du Lingfei got closer. Suddenly, her phoenix-like eyes flickered with a murderous aura as she glared straight at Bai Xiaochun. She had long since come to admit that Bai Xiaochun’s skill with plants and vegetation exceeded hers.

许宝财一副失魂落魄的样子，目光始终在杜凌菲身上，没有理会白小纯的鄙夷，目中的痴迷更多了。
However, she was still filled with complete and utter revulsion for him. With a slight snort, she walked off to the side. Xu Baocai stared at her in a daze, completely oblivious to Bai Xiaochun’s derision. In fact, he seemed more infatuated than ever.

“这杜凌菲也来考核 ”白小纯看了看远处广场上的二十个丹炉，定下心来。
“So Du Lingfei is going to take the test too” Bai Xiaochun thought. After looking over the twenty pill furnaces, he calmed himself down and focused.

“没事，我又不是和她比，这一次是宗门考核，不是选出第一，任何人只要合格，都可晋升成功。”
“Ah, whatever, it doesn’t matter. I’m not here to compete with her. This is an exam administered by the sect, not a contest. Everybody has a chance to get promoted.”

不多时，陈子昂也出现，他到来后看到了白小纯，迟疑了一下，向着白小纯含笑打了声招呼，白小纯也笑着抱拳后，陈子昂在一旁盘膝等待。
Soon, Chen Zi’ang appeared, and when he noticed Bai Xiaochun, he hesitated for a moment, then grinned and called out a greeting. Bai Xiaochun smiled and clasped hands in response, after which Chen Zi’ang sat down off to the side to wait.

还有那在任务处白小纯见过的赵一多，也来到了这里，渐渐地，此地的人多了起来，
Eventually, even Zhao Yiduo showed up, whom Bai Xiaochun had first encountered outside the Missions Offices. Then, more and more people began to appear, and a good-sized crowd built up.

片刻后，药师阁的大门，吱嘎一声打开，从里面走出一个老者，这老者满头白发，目光深沉，在走出的瞬间，四周人立刻安静下来。
Before too much time passed, the main door of the Journeyman Apothecary Hall creaked open, and an old man walked out. He had a full head of white hair, and piercing eyes, and as soon as he appeared, everyone quieted dow n.

他神色如常，背着手，一步步走来，站在广场上，遥望外门的众人，半晌后才点了点头，缓缓开口。
The old man’s expression was calm as he strode forward with hands clasped behind his back. He came to a stop at the front of the square, looked around at all the Outer Sect disciples, then his head and began to speak.

“老夫姓徐，主持这一次灵童晋升药徒的考核。”
“I am surnamed Xu, and I shall preside over this test for promotion from apprentice apothecary to journeyman apothecary.

“此番考核，分草木资格与炼药两种，走过此门者，通过草木资格。”
“The test will consist of one portion regarding plants and vegetation, and another regarding medicine concocting. To pass the portion regarding plants and vegetation, simply walk through the passageway.”

这徐姓长老似不愿多说，淡淡两句话说完，就闭上眼谁也不理会。
Elder Xu didn’t seem to want to offer any further explanations. After speaking only three sentences, he simply closed his eyes and ignored everyone.

白小纯眨了眨眼，没有第一个上场，很快的，人群内就走出一个青年，这青年长脸，相貌一般，遥遥向着徐姓老者一抱拳，当先走出，直奔那丹炉形成的门洞。
Even as Bai Xiaochun blinked in response, a long-faced young man walked out from the crowd. After clasping hands and bowing to Elder Xu, he strode toward the passageway leading under the giant pill furnace.

在他靠近这座门洞的刹那，有一道光瞬间出现，笼罩他这里，很快光芒消失，这丹炉猛地一震，传出五声闷闷之音。
As entered the doorway of the passageway, a beam of light appeared, which surrounded him, then vanished. A moment later, the pill furnace trembled, then let out a five muffled reverberations.

“五声，这代表的是草木造诣到了第五篇的程度 ”许宝财不愧是百事通，此刻低声对白小纯说道。
Xu Baocai leaned over and whispered, “Five reverberations means that his skill with plants and vegetation encompasses the fifth volume” He definitely deserved his reputation of knowing about everything in the sect. Bai Xiaochun blinked again.

白小纯眨了眨眼，他在来这里前，不知道居然是这么考核，闻言好奇的打量了一下那石制的丹炉，隐隐觉得此物与万药阁的石碑，应该是有些联系。
Before coming, he'd had no idea of how exactly the test would be carried out. Having heard Xu Baocai's explanation, he examined the huge stone pill furnace, and suddenly had the feeling that it must be connected to the stone steles outside the 10,000 M edicines pavilion.

“这怎么办 周心琪的那些倾慕者都在满山的找我呢 ”白小纯有些迟疑。
“What do I do now?” he thought hesitantly. “Zhou Xinqi’s fans are still combing the mountain for me.”

很快的，陆续有人走出，大都是五声，可当其中一人走入门洞内，传出的声音是四声时，徐长老大袖一甩，直接将那位弟子卷的退后。
Soon, more people approached, most of whom received five reverberations. However, one of them only received four reverberations, upon which Elder Xu flicked his sleeve, sending that disciple spinning away.

“徐长老，以往不是草木四篇就可以参加考核么。” 这被卷退的弟子面色一变，赶紧开口。
“Elder Xu!” the disciple exclaimed, face flickering. “I thought volume four of plants and vegetation was the minimum requirement to be able to take the test!”

“规矩改了，五篇才可。”
“The rules have changed. Now it's the fifth volume.”

“这 ”青年呆了一下，苦涩的抱拳，不敢多说什么，只能离去。
“But” The young man stared in shock, then bitterly clasped his hands and bowed. Not daring to say anything further, he left.


This turn of events caused the sound of whispered conversations to swell.


Xu

四周众人都看了过去，不少低声议论，许宝财也露出诧异，赶紧取出一个小本，在上面记录起来，白小纯看了一眼，发现那上面密密麻麻写着很多蝇头小字，都是记录宗门内的大事小情，不由得对许宝财这里的认真，有些敬佩。
Baocai’s eyes flickered with surprise, and he suddenly produced a tiny notebook , within which he began to take notes. Bai Xiaochun looked over and saw a page filled with lines of handwriting, each character as small as the head of a fly. Apparently it was a record of all matters pertaining to the sect, large and small alike. Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but admire how seriously Xu Baocai took the whole matter.

就在这时，赵一多站起，走入门洞后，轰轰之声回荡，竟一连响动了六下，徐长老也睁开了眼，微微点头后，赵一多抱拳踏出门洞。
It was at this point that Zhao Yiduo stood u p and entered the passageway. The reverberations echoed out six times, after which Elder Xu opened his eyes and nodded slightly. Zhao Yiduo clasped hands and then stepped out of the passageway.

陈子昂双眼一闪，他与赵一多一向不和，此刻冷哼一声，也迈步走出，一样在踏入门洞时，传出六声轰鸣。
Chen Zi’ang’s eyes flickered. He and Zhao Yiduo had never gotten along, so he snorted coldly and walked into the passageway, after which six reverberations could be heard.

与赵一多针锋相对的看了一眼后，陈子昂盘膝坐在一处丹炉旁。
After giving Zhao Yiduo a meaningful stare, and sat back down cross-legged off to the side.


The fact that both Zhao Yiduo and Chen Zi’ang had received six reverberations caused a buzz of envious conversation to rise up.

眼看二人都是六声，四周众人纷纷羡慕起来，与此同时，杜凌菲也目光一闪，起身走近门洞，当她走过时，六声轰鸣回荡，四周的观望者，一个个羡慕之意更多。
At the same time, Du Lingfei’s eyes flickered, and she walked through the passageway. As she did, six reverberations could be heard, which caused even more envious gleams to appear in the eyes of the onlookers. Murmured conversations instantly broke out.

“陈子昂，赵一多，还有这杜凌菲，他们三人在外门里，也都是翘楚之辈，草木五篇全部掌握，更是掌握了灵兽第一篇，此番考核，几乎七八成的肯定，能晋升药徒了。”
“Chen Zi’ang, Zhao Yiduo, and Du Lingfei are all persons of outstanding talent within the Outer Sect. Not only have they mastered five volumes of plants and vegetation, but they also have command of the first volume of spirit creatures. I would say that they have a seventy to eighty percent chance of passing the test and being promoted to journeyman apothecary.”

“以往的晋升药徒，草木造诣能达到六石碑者，只要不是在炼药上表现太差，绝大多数都成功晋升了。”
“Historically speaking, anyone who takes the journeyman apothecary test having already mastered six stone steles will pass, as long as that disciple’s performance in medicine concocting isn’t lacking.”

在这四周人议论时，白小纯一咬牙，顾不得周心琪的那些倾慕者了，正要上前，突然的，远处山路上有一道身影，快速来临，这身影是一个中年男子，这男子批头散发，可目中却炯炯有神，人还没到，声音就传遍四周。
Even as everyone discussed the matter, Bai Xiaochun gritted his teeth. Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do about Zhou Xinqi’s fans. Just as he was about to take a step forward, a figure suddenly appeared off in the distance, speeding along the mountain path. It was a middle-aged man, his hair completely disheveled, but his eyes sparkling with life.


Even before he arrived, his voice echoed out to be heard by all.

“我韩建业闭关七年，终草木造诣大成，此番出关，不但要晋升药徒，更要成为这一次晋升中的第一药徒！”
“I, Han Jianye, having spent seven years in secluded meditation, and have finally made a huge breakthrough in my skill with plants and vegetation. Finally, I have emerged once again into the world, not just be promoted to journeyman apothecary, but to become the top journeyman apothecary in the entire test!”

他声音带着傲然，回荡时身影一闪，蓦然冲来，直奔丹炉门洞。
Looking very proud and lofty, he flickered through the air toward the giant pill furnace’s passageway.

徐长老没有理会，依旧闭着眼，可四周的众人，却是在听到韩建业这个名字后，一个个露出诧异。
Elder Xu didn’t pay the man any heed, not even deigning to open his eyes. However, everyone else in the crowd seemed astonished to have heard the name Han Jianye.

“韩建业，谁啊，没听过这个名字。”
“Han Jianye? Who’s that? I’ve never heard of him before.”

“看他的年纪，应该是七八年前的外门弟子了 想要成为这一次的第一药徒，这难度太大了。”
“Considering how old he is, he must be an Outer Sect disciple from seven or eight years ago He wants to be the top journeyman apothecary, which isn’t a very easy thing to do.”

就在这四周人差异时，韩建业临近门洞，神色傲然，带着绝对的自信，踏入其内，就在他踏进这门洞的刹那，突然的，阵阵轰鸣声蓦然传出。
Even as everyone expressed their shock, Han Jianye stepped into the passageway, looking extremely proud and confident. Almost immediately, powerful reverberations began to echo out into the air.

一声、两声 五声、六声、七声 还没等众人反应过来，第八声轰鸣，直接从这丹炉内回荡开来。
One reverberation, two reverberations five, six, seven before anyone in the crowd could even react, eight reverberations echoed out from within the pill furnace.

徐长老的双眼，瞬间开阖，看向中年男子时，他的脸上露出一丝笑容，目中有赞赏。
Elder Xu’s eyes snapped open, and he looked over at the middle-aged man, a broad smile of praise on his face.

“草木五篇，灵兽三篇，不错！”
“Five volumes of plants and vegetation, and three volumes of spirit creatures,” he said. “Excellent!”

韩建业振奋，向着徐长老一抱拳，转身看向杜凌菲等人时，目中傲然之意更为明显，大袖一甩，选择了最中间的一处丹炉，带着自信盘膝坐下。
Looking very excited, Han Jianye clasped hands and bowed to Elder Xu. Then he turned, and when he looked at Du Lingfei and the others, the pride in his eyes was very clear. Swishing his sleeves, he sat down confidently in front of the center-most of the pill furnaces.

到了这个时候，四周众人才纷纷深吸口气，传出惊呼。
Finally, gasps could be heard from the crowd, as well as the clamor of conversation.

“八声巨响，这是草木大成后，更达到了灵兽三篇才会出现的！”
“Eight reverberations! Not only did he master everything about plants and vegetation, he even got through three volumes of spirit creatures!”

“此人方才说要成为这一次的第一药徒，看来并非不可能！”
“It seems he might be able to do exactly as he said and become the top journeyman apothecary!”

白小纯在人群内，看到这一幕本没什么感觉，可发现四周人的惊呼后，却觉得不可思议了。
When Bai Xiaochun witnessed what happened, he was left feeling quite underwhelmed. Therefore, when everyone in the crowd started getting excited, he almost couldn’t believe it.

“不就是灵兽三篇么，这些人怎么大呼小叫的？”
“He only mastered three volumes of spirit creatures, right?” he asked of Xu Baocai. “Why is everyone making such a big fuss?”

他诧异的问向许宝财，他记得妖兽第三篇的石碑，闯过之人有上千，就算是第十碑，也有好数百人都过了。
If he remembered correctly, when it came to the third stone stele of spirit creatures, over a thousand people were listed as having passed it. Even the tenth stone stele had been passed by hundreds of people.

许宝财翻了个白眼，心底满是鄙夷，可当着白小纯的面，却不敢露出，咳嗽一声后，这才开口。
Xu Baocai rolled his eyes, feeling more contemptuous than ever of Bai Xiaochun. Of course, he didn’t dare give voice to that contempt, and instead cleared his throat and said, “Elder Brother Bai, you just don’t understand.


To master all five volumes of plants and vegetation is hard enough as it is.


The volumes of spirit creatures are even harder!


Even mastering one of them is enough to make you the subject of much envy.


Obviously, to master three is even more shocking.


Do you think everyone can be consummate Chosen like

“白师兄，这你就不懂了，草木五篇大成本就难，而灵兽篇更是难上加难，能达到六本就是让人羡慕，达到八者，自然让人惊呼了，你以为谁都是周心琪，小乌龟那两个绝世天骄啊，不说他们，草木五篇、灵兽五篇全都过者，放眼香云山如今的上千外门弟子，不足五十位！”
Zhou Xinqi or the little turtle? Look, just forget about those two. On all of Fragrant Cloud Peak, there are probably less than fifty people who have passed the stone steles of all five volumes of plants and vegetation plus all five volumes of spirit creatures!

“这五十位，哪一个不是人中龙凤，你看到的万药阁石碑，里面显示的人是多，可实际上是这一千年的名单，里面还有不少如今已是内门，留下的是他们当年的名次！”
“Each and every one of those people are dragons and phoenixes among mortals. Think about it! There are a lot of names on those stone steles, but those name lists are thousands of years old. Plus, many of those people have already moved on to the Inner Sect, leaving only their names behind here in the Outer Sect!

“而且这种晋升考核，达到五就可进行，此人到了八才来，显然是如他所说，要拿第一药徒，获得五千贡献点了。”
“Furthermore, you only need to master five volumes to take this test. This guy has eight! Just as he said, he’s definitely going to become the top journeyman apothecary, which will earn him the 5,000 m erit point prize.”

许宝财话语里多少带了一些鄙夷的语气，可这些白小纯不在意了，他美滋滋的看着许宝财，追问了一句。 “你刚才说周心琪与小乌龟，是绝世天骄，这么厉害？”
Although Xu Baocai’s words were actually a bit contemptuous if you paid close attention, Bai Xiaochun didn’t really notice. Eyes gleaming with elation, he looked at Xu Baocai and said, “Did you just say that Zhou Xinqi and the little turtle are consummate Chosen? Are they really that awesome?”

“当然是了，尤其是那小乌龟，更是惊人，开创千年内首次十碑第一，白师兄我劝你还是不要好高骛远了。”
“Of course! Especially the little turtle. He's completely shocking. He's the first person in a thousand years to get first place in all ten stone steles.

许宝财心底更是鄙夷，正说到这里，白小纯哈哈一笑，越看许宝财越是顺眼，拍了下他的肩膀，走了出去。
Elder Brother Bai, I have to say, you really shouldn’t aim too high.” Even as the contempt in Xu Baocai’s heart rose to new heights, Bai Xiaochun laughed heartily. The more he was around Xu Baocai, the more he liked him.


Clapping him on the shoulder, he suddenly strode forward.

许宝财一愣，看到白小纯向着门洞走去，心底虽诧异，可也不多，毕竟白小纯的草木造诣也有些名气，战胜过杜凌菲，来参加这考核，也是应有之事。
Xu Baocai gaped in shock as Bai Xiaochun walked toward the passageway. Of course, Bai Xiaochun was somewhat well-known for his skill with plants and vegetation, considering that he had defeated Du Lingfei. It was a given that he would eventually take this test.

可紧接着，许宝财的眼珠子都瞪了出来，只见白小纯大步流星迈入门洞内，光芒一闪后，阵阵轰鸣声滔天而起。
However, what happened next caused Xu Baocai’s eyes to bulge. Bai Xiaochun strode proudly into the passageway, after which a flash of light could be seen, and the muffled reverberations began.

一声、两声、三声 六声、七声、八声！
One, two, three six, seven, eight!

四周人全部寂静，可这轰鸣没有停顿，继续传出第九声，直至 第十声！
Everyone became deathly quiet. However, the reverberations didn't stop. A ninth reverberation echoed out and then a tenth!

轰！
RUMBLE!

在这第十声轰鸣传出的瞬间，那位徐长老双眼猛地睁开，目中露出前所未有的精芒，直接看向白小纯，即便是他，也都露出吃惊。
When the tenth reverberation echoed out, Elder Xu’s eyes shot open, and they glowed with unprecedented brightness. He looked over at Bai Xiaochun, completely shocked. It must be stated that it would be rare enough for one of the thousands of

要知道如今香云山外门上千弟子，能达到草木灵兽共十篇者，本就不多，这些人早就参加了考核，能有耐心，等到草木灵兽篇都大成后，才来考核的，至今为止，他只在今天看到过。
Outer Sect disciples on Fragrant Cloud Peak to master all ten of the volumes, including the five for plants and vegetation, and the five for spirit creatures. Virtually all of them would have already taken this test. For someone to be so patient as to wait until they had mastered all ten was something that Elder Xu had never seen, not until this very day.

即便是周心琪，也是在第九碑后参加了考核晋升。
Even Zhou Xinqi had taken the test after having mastered only nine.

杜凌菲睁大了眼，呆呆的看着门洞内的白小纯，她尽管知道白小纯的草木造诣比自己高，可她怎么也无法想象，不是高的一星半点，而是达到了草木大成，灵兽大成的惊人程度。
Du Lingfei’s eyes went wide as she stared at Bai Xiaochun standing there in the passageway. Although she had already known that he was far more advanced than her in his skill with plants and vegetation, she had never imagined that he would have reached such an astonishing level. Not only had he completely mastered plants and vegetation, he also had shocking skill with spirit creatures.

她脑子一下嗡鸣起来，整个人都呆了，脑海里浮现出的，是当时与白小纯小比时，自己要求比草木造诣，对方小心翼翼问自己的排名时那种忐忑的模样，还有就是最后白小纯同意时，那种愁眉苦脸的样子。
Her mind was spinning, and she could do nothing but gape blankly. She couldn’t help but recall how she had demanded to compete with him in skill with plants and vegetation, and how he had cautiously and even nervously asked about her ranking. Then she thought about how anxious he had looked when he had agreed to compete. As of this moment she realized that Bai Xiaochun’s nervousness back then had been a front, concealing the wide smile that had blossomed in his heart.

“白、小、纯！”
“Bai. Xiao.

杜凌菲狠狠地咬牙，她此刻才明白，当时的白小纯心底必定是笑开了花。
CHUN!” she thought, gnashing her teeth.

陈子昂与赵一多，也都倒吸口气，看向白小纯时露出震撼，呆在那里。
Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo also gasped and stared at Bai Xiaochun in astonishment.

至于那位闭关多年的韩建业，此刻身体颤抖，死死的盯着白小纯，脑海嗡鸣，如有大浪翻滚，他已经将白小纯当成了自己生平的大敌。
As for Han Jianye, who had spent so many years in secluded meditation, he began to tremble. He was glaring at Bai Xiaochun, his mind spinning, waves of shock crashing into him as he realized that Bai Xiaochun was definitely his lifelong archenemy.

“药徒晋升的重点，是炼药，此人虽强，可我不信他在炼药上，能与我去比，我为了这一次考核成为第一，闭关七年啊！”
“The most important part of the journeyman apothecary test is medicine concocting!” he thought. “He might be strong, but I refuse to believe that he can outdo me in concocting medicine. I spent seven years in secluded meditation just to take the top spot in this test!”

与此同时，四周的那些观望的外门弟子，一个个都倒吸口气，传出了比方才还要强烈的惊呼，甚至不少人失声。
At the same time, the surrounding Outer Sect disciples were gasping and even crying out in shock. “That was ten reverberations!

“竟是 十声，这岂不是说，他灵兽五篇已经在万药阁全过了，整个香云山的外门弟子，能做到这一点的，不到五十人！”
That means he mastered all five of the volumes of spirit creatures too! He passed all of the stone steles outside the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion! There aren’t even fifty disciples in the entire

“这家伙也太能忍了，都过了万药阁第十碑，竟才来参加晋升考核！”
Outer Sect who can do that!” “This guy has incredible patience! He waited to pass all ten of the stone steles before taking the promotion test!”

第四十三章 很慢 很慢
0042 chapter-43

“难道 他就是小乌龟！”
“Don’t tell me he's the little turtle?”

众人哗然。
The crowd was in an uproar.

与所有人比较，这里最震惊的，是许宝财，他呆呆的看着白小纯，眼珠子感觉都要冒出来一样，他方才还心底鄙夷白小纯不拿灵兽三篇当回事，此刻看去，白小纯的确应该不当回事
Of course, most flabbergasted of everyone was Xu Baocai, who was staring at Bai Xiaochun with eyes so wide they seemed to be on the verge of poppi ng out of his head. Moments ago, he had despised Bai Xiaochun for not thinking much of having mastered three volumes of spirit creatures, but now, he clearly had every right to have that attitude

“草木大成，灵兽大成 白小纯这里，他方才分明就是在调侃我！
“Mastery of plants and vegetation and mastery of spirit creatures Bai Xiaochun was clearly just messing with me!

不过这也太不可思议了，他才入门几年啊 莫非他是小乌龟？”
But this is simply unbelievable. He's only been in the sect for a few years! Could it be that he really is the little turtle?”

许宝财深吸口气，赶紧拿出一个小本，将这一切记录下来，心底暗中庆幸自己与对方化解了恩怨，也庆幸方才没有把鄙夷的话说的太明显。
Gasping, Xu Baocai pulled out his little notebook and began to write down the new developments. Inwardly, he was rejoicing that he had chosen to smooth things out with Bai Xiaochun, and was also rejoicing that he hadn’t said anything too de risive earlier.

就在这所有人都震惊时，白小纯走出了门洞，叹了口气，实际上若能不显露草木灵兽十碑的造诣，他是不想这么露出的，毕竟周心琪的那些倾慕者里面还有内门弟子存在。
Even as everyone was giving voice to their shock, Bai Xiaochun walked out of the passageway, sighing. Actually, if there had been a way to conceal his accomplishments regarding the ten stone steles, then he would have. After all, there were still Inner Sect disciples among Zhou Xinqi’s fans.

可如今没办法，他总不能因此不去晋升，此刻虽然无奈，可看到了四周众人的神情，也听到了他们的声音，白小纯心中忍不住升起感动。
Unfortunately, there was nothing that could be done about it. He couldn’t just give up on the promotion. Despite the fact that he had been forced to reveal the truth, when he saw how excited the crowds were, and when he heard people calling out his name, he was actually quite moved.

“都是一些好同门啊，要是所有人都这样该多好啊。”
“What wonderful fellow disciples. Ah, if only everyone were like that!”

白小纯感慨，走出门洞，在众人的瞩目下，选择了一口丹炉，坐了下来。
Sighing emotionally, and under the eyes of everyone in the audience, he selected a pill furnace and sat dow n.

徐长老看了白小纯一眼，若有所思，嘴角有一抹笑容露出，很快消失，重新平静下来，淡淡开口。
Elder Xu looked thoughtfully at Bai Xiaochun. A smile flickered across his face, but quickly vanished. After recovered his composure, he calmly said,

“你们面前的口袋，有十份草药，可炼十次一阶灵药，墨灵香！”
“The bag in front of you has ten sets of medicinal plants, which you can use to concoct ten tier-1 spirit medicines, specifically, Inkspirit Incense!

“以成功几率作为考核依据，两次合格，最多者 奖励五千贡献点，开始。”
“You will be judged based on your success rate, with a minimum of two successes being the requirement to pass. Whoever has the most successes will be awarded 5,000 m erit points! You may begin immediately.”

就在徐长老话语传出的瞬间，四周观望考核的外门弟子，纷纷心神一震。
The Outer Sect disciples in the audience instantly began to buzz with excitement in response to Elder Xu’s explanation.

“这一次居然考核的是墨灵香！”
“This time the test is to concoct Inkspirit Incense!”

“这墨灵香虽不是一阶里最难炼制的灵药，可也难度不小 不像是凝灵香等灵药，很多灵童都提前练习过。”
“Inkspirit Incense isn't the most difficult tier-1 medicine to concoct, but it’s not easy It’s not like Spirit Condensation Incense or other spirit medicines like that, which many apprentice apothecaries have experience with.” “Hmph. They’re only refining the ways to test one’s qualifications in medicine concocting.

“哼，越是如此，越考验一个人的炼药资质，你们没看出来么，之前的草木四篇变成了五篇，如今灵药难度也增加，以后估计会越来越难。”
Can’t you see what’s happening? Before, they required four volumes of plants and vegetation, now it's five. They even increased the level of difficulty of the spirit medicine to be concocted. Presumably, things will only continue to get harder in the future.”

在这四周人低声引论时，广场上坐在丹炉前等待考核的众人，一个个都神色凝重，尽管听到墨灵香后不少都心中叫苦，可却容不得分心，纷纷打开口袋，检查药草。
As everyone discussed the matter, the group sitting in front of the pill furnaces in the square had very serious expressions on their faces. Although some of them smiled bitterly when they heard that the test involved Inkspirit Incense, they didn't allow themselves to be distracted, but instead opened the bags and began to inspect the medicinal plants.

白小纯之前就从许宝财说过五千恭喜点的事情，此刻听到徐长老的话语后，更是内心一动，他的贡献点已所剩不多了，以后无论是换药方还是购买草药，都需贡献点。
Xu Baocai had mentioned the matter of the 5,000 merit points earlier. Now that Bai Xiaochun heard confirmation from Elder Xu, his heart was thumping. He was already running low on merit points, which he needed to get medicine formulas and medicinal plants.

“要是能拿到这五千贡献点，会让我省很多事，不用再花费心思去赚取了。”
“If I can get those 5,000 m erit points, it will save me a lot of time and effort.”

白小纯想到这里，打开面前的口袋，里面除了十份药草外，还有一枚玉简，捏在手中一看，正是墨灵香的药方。
With those thoughts on his mind, Bai Xiaochun opened the bag, within which were the ten sets of medicinal plants, plus a jade slip, which was none other than the medicine formula for the Inkspirit Incense.

没有立刻去炼药，白小纯定气凝神片刻，仔细的研究药方。
He didn't immediately begin to concoct the medicine, but instead settled his qi and cleared his mind, then began to study the formula.

他研究的速度很慢，这与他的炼药习惯有关，哪怕一个细微的问题，他都需要去完全攻克，才觉得稳妥。
He took his time, which was how he had grown accustomed to concocting medicine. Even the slightest question about anything needed to be analyzed completely until he felt completely confident.

这么一研究，就是一个时辰。
His initial research alone took him two hours.

这一个时辰内，杜凌菲等人早就检查完了草木，开始炼药了，甚至动作快的，第一炉都已炼制了大半。
By that time, Du Lingfei and everyone else had already finished inspecting the plants, and were beginning to actually concoct the medicine. In fact, most of them were more than half finished with their first batch.

放眼整个广场，除了白小纯外，其他人都在炼药，只有白小纯拿着玉简在思索，这怪异的一幕，让许宝财在内的那些外门弟子，都纷纷诧异。
It didn’t take long before everyone except Bai Xiaochun was already in the middle of medicine concocting. Bai Xiaochun was the only one who was sitting there, looking thoughtfully at the jade slip. That sight left Xu Baocai somewhat shocked.

就在这时，第一炉灵药陆续出现了结果，阵阵闷闷的轰鸣传出，不算白小纯，参加此番考核的十八人，大都沉默，他们的丹炉内升起阵阵黑烟，第一炉失败。
By now, the first batches of spirit medicine were coming out. Rumbling sounds began to emanate from the pill furnaces of everyone except Bai Xiaochun. Most of them had long faces as black smoke rose up, indicating that their first batches were failures.

唯独韩建业扬天大笑，他面前的丹炉震动时，有药香散出，在丹炉底，赫然出现了三寸大小的墨灵香块。
Han Jianye, on the other hand, threw his head back and laughed loudly. His pill furnace was trembling, and a medicinal aroma began to spread out. Shockingly, a three-inch-long stick of Inkspirit Incense appeared.

四周观望的外门弟子，一个个立刻看去。
The surrounding Outer Sect disciples all craned their necks to look.

“第一炉居然就成了！”
“He succeeded with his first batch!”

“这韩建业，在炼药上有其独到之处！”
“This Han Jianye sure has talent in medicine concocting!”

韩建业脸上露出振奋，傲然的看了一眼四周其他的考核者，尤其是在看向白小纯时，发现白小纯居然还在研究药方，目中不有露出不屑，低头取出第二份草木，再次炼药。
An excited expression appeared on Han Jianye’s face as he glanced around at the other test-takers. His gaze lingered for a moment on Bai Xiaochun, and when he realized that he was still studying the medicine formula, a look of disdain appeared in his eyes. Finally, he pulled out the second set of plants and began concocting a second batch.

杜凌菲等人面色都有些难看，纷纷咬牙，再次炼制。
Du Lingfei and everyone else all had unsightly expressions on their faces, and gritted their teeth as they began to work on a second batch.

时间流逝，当第二个时辰结束时，众人的第二炉灵药，陆续的出炉，闷闷的轰鸣声再次传出，这一次 所有人，竟没有一个成功，全部失败。
Time passed. By the time the fourth hour of the test had passed, most of the group was finished with their second batch. Muffled rumbling could be heard as not a single test-taker succeeded.

也就是在这个时候，白小纯终于放下了玉简，他脑海里关于这墨灵香的药方，已完全吃透，可当所有人认为他要开始炼药时，却一个个愕然的发现，白小纯居然取出了一株灵药，在那里又研究起来，认真的样子，极为专注。
It was at about this time that Bai Xiaochun put the jade slip down. His mind was now permeated with the medicine formula for Inkspirit Incense. However, just when everyone thought he was about to begin, they were stunned to see him take out one of the medicinal plants and begin to study it closely.

“这白小纯在干嘛？
“What is Bai Xiaochun doing?

药方他研究了两个时辰也就罢了，这草木有什么可研究的？”
He already studied the medicine formula for four hours! What's the point of studying the plants?”

“就算是检查，也不至于这么慢吧 ”
“I know this is a test, but does he really have to go so slow?”

许宝财也睁大了眼，觉得不可思议，再看其他人，都开始第三炉了。
Xu Baocai’s eyes were wide with disbelief as he watched everyone else starting their third batches.


The audience waited in befuddlement as the sixth hour of the test arrived.

就在这众人的费解中，第三个时辰到来，这一次那十八个考核者，再次全部失败，随后第四个时辰，第五个时辰结束时，有四个人，成功炼制出了墨灵香，杜凌菲，陈子昂，赵一多都在其内，成功炼制出了第一块墨灵香。
By now, eighteen of the test-takers had all consistently failed. Soon eight hours had passed, then ten. Eventually, four people succeeded in concocting the Inkspirit Incense, including Du Lingfei, Chen Zi’ang, and Zhao Yiduo.

随着香气的扩散，韩建业得意一笑，他是第一个炼制出第二块墨灵香之人，此刻环看四周，神色越发傲然，对于白小纯那里，轻蔑更多。
The aura of the incense spread out in all directions. Han Jianye was chuckling proudly at being the first person to concoct a second stick of Inkspirit Incense. Looking around proudly, his contempt for Bai Xiaochun grew.

而此刻，白小纯正在研究第四种草木，甚至还不时撕开一小条观察，不但四周众人越发诧异，就连徐长老也都多看了他几眼。
At this point, Bai Xiaochun was studying the fourth of the medicinal plants. Occasionally he would even tear a perforation into the plant itself, which left the audience shocked. Even Elder Xu had noticed.

时间再次飞逝而过，第六个时辰很快到来，这第六炉灵药，其他人全部失败，只有韩建业一个人成功。
Time flew by. Soon, twelve hours had passed. Everyone failed in their sixth batch of spirit medicine, except for Han Jianye, who was the only person to succeed.

这一刻，四周人都哗然起来，哪怕是徐长老，也都微微点头。
That caused quite an uproar, and even elicited a slight nod from Elder Xu.

“这韩建业，炼出了第三块，其他人都还是一块！”
“This Han Jianye has already concocted three sticks of incense! Nobody else even has more than one!”

“以往的考核，成功率两成合格，四成天骄，这韩建业后面还有数次，只要再成一块，就是天骄！”
“In tests past, two successes meant you passed the test, and four successes made you a Chosen. All Han Jianye has to do is concoct one more stick to become a Chosen!”

在这四周众人纷纷议论时，韩建业目中露出强烈的自信，他喃喃低语。
As everyone discussed the matter, a gleam of self-confidence could be seen flickering in Han Jianye’s eyes as he murmured, “I’ll definitely concoct a fourth stick of Inkspirit Incense.

“第四块墨灵香，我一定可以炼出，成为天骄，拿下第一！”
I'm going to be Chosen, and I'm going to be the top journeyman apothecary!"

他大袖一甩，意气风发，开了第七炉。
Swishing his sleeve in grand style, he began to work on his seventh batch.

杜凌菲面色铁青，狠狠一咬牙，与其他人一起，都开了第七炉。
Du Lingfei’s face was ashen as she gritted her teeth and began working on her own seventh batch.

第七个时辰结束的瞬间，杜凌菲眼中露出喜色，她面前的丹炉内，赫然有药香散出，随着身边不少人废药的黑雾升起，这第七炉，居然只有她一个人成功！
When the fourteenth hour arrived, Du Lingfei’s eyes shone with elation as a medicinal aroma began to spread out from her pill furnace. Even as black smoke rose up from everyone else's seventh batches, she produced the only success!

“合格了，我可以晋升了，但仅仅合格还不够！”
“I've met the minimum, but mere promotion is not enough!”

杜凌菲忍着激动，深吸口气，在韩建业面色铁青中，再次炼制。
Du Lingfei constrained her excitement, taking a deep breath as she, along with the ashen- faced Han Jianye, began work on another batch.

第八个时辰，瞬间而过，这一次轰鸣声陆续传出时，所有人，再一次 全部失败。
In the sixteenth hour, more rumbling sounds could be heard as yet again everyone met with failure.

至此，参与晋升考核的十九人，韩建业成功三次，杜凌菲成功两次，陈子昂与赵一多成功一次，其他人 全部一次都没有成功过。
As of this moment, of the nineteen other people besides Bai Xiaochun who were taking the test, Han Jianye had three successes, Du Lingfei had two, Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo both had one, and everyone else had nothing but failures.

而白小纯这里，此刻开始研究最后一株药草。
As for Bai Xiaochun, he was studying the last of the medicinal plants.

“这一次的考核，难度太大了 ”
“This test is so hard”


That was the thought running through the minds of the Outer Sect disciples in the audience.


They could feel the anxious pressure building up.

四周观望的外门弟子，也都感受到了氛围的紧张，几乎所有考核者的面前，如今只剩下了两份材料，除了杜凌菲与韩建业已经稳稳合格外，陈子昂以及赵一多，若是后面的两次全部没成功，那么这一次的考核，就失败了。
Most of the test-takers only had two sets of ingredients left. With the exception of Du Lingfei and Han Jianye, who had already met the minimum requirement, and Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo, who both had one success already, the other test-takers had to succeed with both sets of ingredients, otherwise they would fail completely.

相比于他们四位，其他的十多人更是忐忑苦涩，因为摆在他们面前的，只有一次了，第九次若失败，也就没必要去进行第十次了，徐长老也不会让他们去这么浪费草木。
Those remaining disciples were now extremely nervous. Essentially, this ninth batch was the most crucial batch, if they failed, then Elder Xu wouldn't allow them to waste the ingredients set aside for the tenth batch.

一旦第九炉失败，则考核 失败！
If that ninth batch failed, then their test-taking effort would be a complete failure.

在这众人的紧张与忐忑中，他们一个个用了全部精神，去开了第九炉 任何一个环节，所有人非常凝重，合格之人希望获得更好的成绩，没有合格的，想要去奋力一搏。
Filled with apprehension and nervousness, everyone focused completely on their ninth batches Each and every step received complete and utter attention, those who had already met the minimum requirement wanted to get a better final score, and for those who hadn't met the minimum, they had to do everything they could right now to pass.

只有白小纯 坐在那里拿着最后一株药草，似乎遇到了什么难题，皱着眉头冥思苦想，他这里 现在已经被其他人直接忽略了。
Bai Xiaochun, on the other hand was sitting there holding the final medicinal plant. Apparently, he was considering some important question about that plant, as his brow was furrowed thoughtfully. By now few people were paying attention to him.

这第九个时辰过的似乎很慢，在此地几乎所有人的等待中，当这第九个时辰结束的刹那，一声轰鸣传出，那是一个从始至终没有成功一次的弟子，他面色瞬间苍白，惨笑一声站起身，向着徐长老一拜，黯淡离去。
The eighteenth hour seemed to pass very slowly. This was the moment everyone had been waiting for. Soon, rumbling sounds echoed out. As for the disciples who had not succeeded at all, they rose to their feet, faces pale, chuckling bitterly.

四周人沉默，渐渐地，陆续有轰鸣声传出，一个个弟子默默起身，离开了广场，最终广场上剩下的，只有六个人的丹炉，还在炼药。
After clasping hands to Elder Xu, they dejectedly left the square. One by one, the disciples left, until soon, only six people remained concocting medicine.

不多时，这六人的丹炉，再次传出了轰鸣，只有一个丹炉上，散出了药香，正是赵一多的丹炉。
Soon, rumbling sounds echoed out from the six test-takers’ pill furnaces, and yet a medicinal aroma emitted from only one of those furnaces, the one belonging to Zhao Yiduo.

赵一多狠狠地握了一下拳头，呼吸急促，他的双眼红了，这一刻内心的激荡到了极致，他终于完成了考核的要求，两次成功，已然合格！
Zhao Yiduo’s hands were clenched tightly into fists, he was panting, and his eyes were completely bloods hot. He was more excited right now than he had ever been before, he had met the minimum requirements. With two successes, he passed!

有人欢喜有人忧，失败的五人里，两个之前没有成功过的弟子惨笑，轻叹一声站起了身，离开了广场。
Some people were excited, some were depressed. Five people had failed, two of them being disciples who hadn’t succeeded a single time. Sighing, they rose to their feet and left.

陈子昂觉得整个人都被刺激了，他死死的盯着赵一多，心底苦涩中呼吸急促，目光收回，看着面前最后一份药草，眼珠子都红了。
Chen Zi’ang couldn’t be more on edge. He was glaring at Zhao Yiduo, heart filled with bitterness and anxiety. Then he looked with bloods hot eyes at the final set of medicinal plants.

杜凌菲皱起眉头，闭上眼思索，韩建业压力最小，可他不甘心卡在成药三成几率上，他想要突破，成为天骄。
Du Lingfei frowned, then closed her eyes to think. Han Jianye felt the least pressure of all, and yet, he wasn’t happy to be stuck with only three successes. He wanted to break through to become Chosen.

“最后一炉！”
“The last batch!”

四周人纷纷倒吸口气，看着广场上的这一幕幕，此刻能留在广场上的，只剩下了五个人，韩建业、杜凌菲、赵一多，陈子昂、还有就是 白小纯。
People took deep breaths as they looked out at the square, and the five people left behind. Han Jianye. Du Lingfei. Zhao Yiduo.


Chen


Zi’ang.


And of course Bai Xiaochun.


Three of them had already met the minimum requirements.

前三位，已合格，陈子昂只剩一次机会，至于白小纯 众人只看了一眼，就再次忽略了，他们甚至怀疑白小纯此番到来，研究药方与草木就用了九个时辰，甚至还没结束 莫非是来凑个热闹？
Chen Zi’ang had one chance left to do so. As for Bai Xiaochun people weren’t even paying attention to him, and were actually beginning to wonder why he had even come. After eighteen hours, all he had done was study the medicine formula and the medicinal plants. Some people were even wondering if he had just come to be a part of the excitement.

带着前所未有的认真，广场上的杜凌菲四人，一个个万分凝重的开启了第十炉灵药的炼制，在这众人的注目下，第十个时辰，慢悠悠的过去。
It was with unprecedented seriousness that Du Lingfei and the others began to focus completely on their tenth and last batch of spirit medicine. As everyone looked on with fixed gazes, the twentieth hour slowly passed.

轰的一声，赵一多面前的丹炉，升起了黑雾，他叹了口气，虽失败，可毕竟已合格。
Rumbling sounds could then be heard from Zhao Yiduo’s pill furnace, after which black smoke rose up. He sighed. He had failed in the final batch, but at least he still met the minimum requirements.

可就在赵一多失败的刹那，陈子昂面前的丹炉，出现了药香，不但是他这里，杜凌菲的丹炉，还有韩建业的丹炉，也都出现了药香！
In almost the exact same instant that Zhao Yiduo failed, Chen Zi’ang’s pill furnace began to emit a medicinal aroma. His wasn’t the only one. Medicinal aromas were also spreading out from Du Lingfei’s and Han Jianye's!

药香瞬间扩散，三人神色内都露出狂喜，全部成功！
In that instant, all three of their faces lit up with joy as they realized that they had succeeded!

“我成功了，四块墨灵香，我是第一！”
“I did it! Four sticks of Inkspirit Incense! I took the top spot!”

韩建业猛地站了起来，笑声带着激动，回荡八方，杜凌菲也松了口气，虽没有达到天骄，可成功三次已是惊人。
Han Jianye shot to his feet and his excited laughter began to ring out in all directions. Du Lingfei sighed in relief. Although she hadn’t reached the level of a Chosen, three successes was still astonishing.

陈子昂甚至有种起死回生之感，一样大笑。
Chen Zi’ang felt almost as if he had been resurrected from the dead, and began to laugh heartily.

这一刻，四周人压抑了一个时辰后，也随之爆发。
As of this moment, the feelings that the four of them had been suppressing for the last two hours finally erupted out.

“这一次考核太难了，在这种难度下，那韩建业都可以成功四次，此人的确称的上天骄！”
“What a difficult test! The fact that Han Jianye could succeed four times despite this level of difficulty shows that he really is a Chosen!”

“杜凌菲三次，陈子昂与赵一多都是两次 但都符合晋升条件，若非是此番难度增加，这三人估计也都可以达到四成的成功率！”
“Du Lingfei got three successes, Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo both got two They all met the requirements to be promoted. I bet if the test wasn’t so hard, they all would probably have been able to get four successes!”

众人都在议论，也有人身为这杜凌菲等人的朋友，在一旁欢呼，徐长老也微微点头，尤其是看向韩建业时，目中露出赞赏，可就在他要宣布结果时，突然的，白小纯动了。
Even as everyone began to discuss the matter, as the friends of the test-takers were cheering in support, as Elder Xu approvingly at Han Jianye and was about to announce that the test was over Bai Xiaochun moved.

第四十四章 天都亮了
0043 chapter-44

他研究完了最后一株草木，解决了最难的一个问题后，没有去在意四周人的欢呼，他从之前拿起玉简药方的那一瞬，就沉浸在草木药道中，整个人已是处于一种忘我的状态。
After fully studying the final plant, and resolving all of the issues he had, Bai Xiaochun continued to completely ignore all of the clamor around him. He had focused hard on the information in the jade slip, had become completely immersed in the Dao of plants and vegetation, and had even entered a sort of trance.

除非是天雷滚滚，否则的话，外面的一切杂吵，都无法让他分心丝毫，也没有关注其他人已炼丹结束。
Nothing short of the crash of thunder and lightning would be able to break his concentration, nor did he even glance at the results of the others’ concocting efforts.

他这一动，立刻引起了四周人的注意，包括许宝财在内，一个个都神色古怪的看着白小纯，纷纷都有一种似乎白小纯的时间观念，与所有人都不一致的感觉。
Of course, that attracted the attention of some in the audience, including Xu Baocai. Curious expressions could be seen on their faces as they looked over, clearly wondering why Bai Xiaochun had spent so much longer in his initial observations.

“这白小纯太慢了，别人都炼完了，他才刚刚开始，这次考核应该结束了吧？”
“This Bai Xiaochun is just too slow. Everyone else is finished and he's just starting. Shouldn't the test be over by now?”

“恩？
“Hmm.

我似乎没听说 晋升药徒的考核，有时间限制 ”就在这众人议论时，不知谁说出了最后一句，立刻所有人都愣了一下，看向徐长老。
You know what, I don’t think I ever heard anything about the journeyman apothecary promotion test having a time limit” It wasn’t clear who exactly said that last sentence, but when people heard it, they began to turn toward Elder Xu, blank expressions on their faces.

徐长老迟疑了，晋升药徒的考核，的的确确，没有时间限制，于是站在那里，看着白小纯炼药。
Elder Xu hesitated for a moment, but the truth was that the journeyman apothecary promotion test really didn’t have any time limit. Therefore, he continued to stand there watching Bai Xiaochun concoct medicine.

韩建业没有丝毫压力，淡淡一笑，目中闪过不屑，他原本还觉得白小纯是个劲敌，可此番考核后，他不相信白小纯能超越自己。
Han Jianye wasn't worried at all, and was even chuckling coldly, eyes flashing with disdain. At first, he had been worried that Bai Xiaochun would be a formidable oppon ent, but after the way this part of the test had played out, he was convinced that there was no way Bai Xiaochun could surpass him.

杜凌菲皱起眉头，怎么看白小纯怎么觉得不顺眼。
Du Lingfei’s brow was furrowed, Bai Xiaochun rubbed her wrong no matter how she considered the matter.

白小纯动作飞快，目中露出精芒，整个世界里，只剩下了眼前的丹炉，那一株株药草在他的手中飞速的被改变，要么揉捏成汁，要么化作粉末，全部落入丹炉后，他右手掐诀向着丹炉一指，立刻炉下的地火瞬间燃烧。
Bai Xiaochun’s movements were blindingly fast, and his eyes glowed brightly. To him, the entire world consisted only of that pill furnace. The various medicinal plants rapidly changed form as he kneaded them into pastes, broke them down into powders, or made other preparations. Then, after putting all of the ingredients into the pill furnace, he performed an incantation gesture with his right hand and pointed at the pill furnace, causing the earthflame underneath to burn brightly.

很快一个时辰过去，瞬间浓郁的药香从丹炉内直接扩散开来，白小纯右手隔空一抓，顿时一块四寸大小的墨灵香飞出，被他在拿在手中看了起来，看着看着，他的眉头紧锁。
Two hours flew by, and soon a strong medicinal aroma emanated out from the pill furnace. Bai Xiaochun waved his hand, causing a four-inch-long stick of Inkspirit Incense to fly out. As soon as it landed in his palm, he examined it, and then frowned.

这一刻，四周的众人都神色一凝，徐长老那里目中有光芒闪动，可就在大家等待白小纯开第二炉时，却慢慢发现，白小纯竟拿着那块墨灵香，居然 又研究起来。
Everyone in the audience had very serious expressions on their faces, and Elder Xu’s eyes were flickering. However, just when everyone was expecting Bai Xiaochun to start his second batch, they realized that instead, he was simply studying the incense.

“他想干嘛？”
“What is he doing?”

“既然成功了，怎么不去开第二炉啊。”
“He succeeded! Why hasn’t he started the second batch?”

四周众人一个个都愣了。
Everyone was looking on, stunned.

此刻的白小纯，他望着手中的墨灵香，心底并不满意，虽然成了，可按照他的预料，是应该七寸大小才对。
As for Bai Xiaochun, he was looking at the Inkspirit Incense, feeling quite unsatisfied. Although he had indeed succeeded, he knew that based on the ingredients he had used, the incense should have been seven inches long.

“什么地方出了问题呢？”
“What went wrong?” he thought.

白小纯沉吟起来，这一思索 就是三个时辰。
Then he contemplated the matter for six hours.

甚至四周人都已完全不耐烦时，白小纯眼中露出光芒，取出草木，再次炼药，四周众人纷纷精神一振，再次看去。
Just when everyone was getting to the point where they were running out of patience, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glittered, and he produced a second set of ingredients and began to concoct. Everyone in the audience anxiously watched him work.

依旧是一个时辰后，比方才还要浓郁更多的药香，豁然散开，丹炉内，出现了一块五寸大小的墨灵香。
Yet again, two hours passed. This time, the medicinal aroma was even stronger than before as a five-inch-long stick of Inkspirit Incense flew out.

杜凌菲神色一变，陈子昂以及赵一多，也都纷纷吃惊，韩建业目光一闪，看似平静，可心底却紧张了。
Du Lingfei’s face flickered, and shocked expressions could be seen on the faces of both Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo. As for Han Jianye, his eyes flickered, but his expression remained calm.


Only he knew that, inwardly, he was starting to get anxious.

他们紧张的，不是白小纯成功两次，而是 连续成功！
Of course, what made him anxious was not just that Bai Xiaochun had succeeded two times, but that he might continue to succeed!

在众人纷纷吃惊时，白小纯袖子一甩，第三份草药飞出，目光凝重，直接展开了第三炉，四周的那些外门弟子，顿时一个个都凝望。
Under the shocked gazes of all present, Bai Xiaochun flicked his sleeve, sending the third set of medicinal plant ingredients out. His third batch was now beginning, and all of the Outer Sect disciples were watching closely.

在寂静了一个时辰后，突然的，丹炉猛地震动，一股比方才还要磅礴的药香，翻滚中蓦然扩散开来，丹炉内，一块六寸大小得墨灵香，骤然出现！
Two hours passed in silence. Suddenly, the pill furnace shuddered, and a medicinal aroma even stronger than before filled the area as a six-inch-long stick of Inkspirit Incense appeared!

“连续三次，这 这怎么可能！”
“Three times in a row! How could this be happening?”

“这白小纯，他是怎么做到的，莫非他以前炼过墨灵香！”
“How is Bai Xiaochun doing this? Could it be that he has actually concocted Inkspirit Incense before?”

四周众人立刻惊呼，这种连续成功，在所有人看来，都不可思议。
Cries of astonishment could be heard because of the successive successes, people could hardly believe what they were seeing.

杜凌菲呼吸急促，死死的盯着白小纯，心中一样掀起大浪，陈子昂与赵一多全部呆在那里。
Du Lingfei’s breath came in ragged pants as she glared at Bai Xiaochun, waves of shock battering her heart. Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo were both gaping dully.


“Three in a row” Han Jianye thought, clenching his hands into fists.


His eyes were now completely bloods hot.

“连续三次 他一定对墨灵香很熟悉，且运气极好，下一次，他必定失败！”
“He must already be familiar with Inkspirit Incense. Well, he got lucky with this batch, but the next batch will be a different story!”

韩建业的拳头已经握住，眼睛里有血丝。


就在所有人都期待白小纯第四次开炉时，白小纯却拿着面前的六寸墨灵香，再次皱起眉头，拄着下巴思索。
Just when everyone was expecting Bai Xiaochun to start his fourth batch, he held up the six-inch-long stick of Inkspirit Incense, then frowned and rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

这么一等 就是五个时辰。
Then everyone waited for ten hours.

若是换了最早的时候，此地的众人必定会散了大半，不会去等，可眼下白小纯连续成功三次，只要第四次一成功，立刻就超越其他人，达到韩建业的程度，他们心中好奇，只能等待。
If this sort of thing had happened with the first batch, everyone would have left. But after having seen Bai Xiaochun succeed three times in a row, they knew that a fourth success would push him past everyone else to the same level as Han Jianye. That was something everyone was itching to see happen.

“这白小纯也太慢了，仅仅是一阶灵药，他怎么思考这么长时间！”
“Bai Xiaochun takes way too long! It’s only a tier-1 spirit medicine! Why does he need so much time to think about it?”

尤其是杜凌菲与韩建业，更是盯着白小纯，也不愿离去。
Of course, Du Lingfei and Han Jianye were the most invested of all, and were staring dead at Bai Xiaochun, completely unwilling to leave.

就在这时，白小纯眼中一亮，眉飞色舞，双手一挥，草木飞出时，开了第四炉，这一刻，四周众人纷纷精神一振，齐齐看去。
It was at this point that Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glittered brightly. His eyebrows shot up as he waved both hands, sending plants and vegetation flying out as he began his fourth batch. Everyone was now looking on in complete excitement.

一个时辰后，轰鸣之声传出，不是失败的声音，而是因药香太多，充斥丹炉后扩散开来，形成的声响，眨眼间，更为浓郁的药香，眨眼间四散，丹炉内，赫然出现了七寸墨灵香！
Two hours later, rumbling sounds could be heard, but not the type that indicated a failure had been met. Instead, a powerful blast of medicinal aroma spread out, filling the entire area in the blink of an eye. Then, astonishingly, a seven-inch-long stick of Inkspirit Incense appeared!

第四炉，再次成功！
The fourth batch was another success!

四周众人顿时哗然。
The audience went wild.

“连续四次！”
“Four in a row!”

“这种事情，居然还能发生 这白小纯他最终到底可以成功几次！”
“I can’t believe something like this actually happened Just how many times will Bai Xiaochun actually succeed?”

“两次合格，四次天骄，我记得周心琪周师姐，当时晋升时是七次！”
“Two successes are the requirement to pass, and four makes you Chosen! If I remember correctly, Elder Sister Zhou Xinqi got seven successes back when she was promoted!”

四周众人惊呼时，杜凌菲面色难看，尽管她知道白小纯的草木造诣远远超越自己，可此刻看到对方在炼药上也与自己有如此大的沟壑后，她心底很是复杂。
As the crowd clamored, Du Lingfei’s face turned very unsightly. Although she was aware that Bai Xiaochun’s skill with plants and vegetation far surpassed her own, to see that such a vast gap existed between them in terms of medicine concocting filled her with mixed emotions.

至于韩建业，此刻已然咬牙切齿，狠狠地握住拳头，身体都颤抖了，他不愿去相信，可眼前这一幕让他无法视若无睹。
As for Han Jianye, he was grinding his teeth, and his hands were clenched tightly into balls. He was trembling, and couldn’t bear to believe what he was seeing. And yet, everything was happening right in front of him, making it impossible for him to deny it.

“四次，四次就是他的极限了，他必定后面全部失败！”
“Four successes! Four successes has to be his limit. The rest will definitely be failures!”

就在这所有人轰动，对白小纯之后的成功率升起了浓郁的期待时，他们无奈的发现，白小纯居然拿着墨灵香，又开始思索了。
Everyone in the audience was now buzzing with speculation regarding how many total successes Bai Xiaochun would achieve. But then, they realized that Bai Xiaochun was simply staring at the Inkspirit Incense.

“这家伙，怎么又在研究了！”
“What is this guy doing? He’s doing more studying?”

尽管无奈，可四周众人此刻岂能离开，只能一个个望着白小纯，期待他这一次可以少研究一会。
Although they were a bit chagrined, the audience members weren’t about to leave now. Instead, they sat there, waiting and watching, looking forward to seeing the results of

时间流逝，八个时辰后，白小纯深吸口气，他的目中出现了一些血丝，方才第四次炼药时，外人不知道，可他明白，只差一点就失败了。
Bai Xiaochun’s next study session. Sixteen hours passed before Bai Xiaochun finally took a deep breath. His eyes were completely bloods hot. Although no one else realized it, the fourth batch he had just produced had come very close to failing.

“这墨灵香比我之前炼制的灵药，难了很多。”
“This Inkspirit Incense is much, much harder than any of the other spirit medicines I've concocted in the past.”

白小纯性格稳妥，更是心细，仔细的回想之前炼丹的一幕幕，找出了问题所在，直至确定了再没有任何遗漏后，这才开了第五炉。
Bai Xiaochun was prudent and meticulous. After thinking back to all the other batches he had produced so far, he identified what the problem was, and after confirming that he could prevent it from happening, began a fifth batch.

至于四周人的话语，他置若罔闻，一旦炼药，他的执着超乎想象，即便外人说的再多，可若没有把握，他绝对不会轻易炼制。
He was completely oblivious to any of the conversations around him, when he was concocting medicine, his level of focus exceeded imagination. It didn’t matter what anybody said, he wouldn’t begin to concoct unless he was absolutely confident in succeeding.

此刻第五炉一开，四周众人一个个从开始熬到现在，大都疲惫不堪，一个个强挺着精神，纷纷看去。
Everyone in the audience had been sitting here for so long that they were completely exhausted, and were having trouble staying focused, and yet they were now all craning their necks to see what was happening.

很快，一声巨响回荡，药香向着四周骤然扩散，仅仅是闻到香气，所有人就心头一跳！
It didn't take long before more rumbling sounds could be heard, and a medicinal aroma spread out in all directions, a fragrant odor that sent shock into the hearts of everyone present.

第五炉，成功！
The fifth batch was a success!

韩建业呆呆的坐在那里，心中升起无尽的苦涩，半晌之后长叹一声，默默无语。
Han Jianye sat there dumbfounded, heart overwhelmed with bitterness. After a long moment, he simply sighed quietly.

这一次没有让四周众人多等，白小纯袖子一甩，继续炼制第六炉。
This was the moment the crowd had been waiting for. Bai Xiaochun waved his sleeve and began the sixth batch.

不多时，巨响再次出现，香气更强烈的散开时，第六炉，成功！
Before long, more rumbling could be heard, and smell of incense spread out. The sixth batch was a success!

白小纯双眼一闪，没有停顿，拿起药草，开始炼制第七炉，可就在这第七炉即将完成的刹那，突然的，一丝焦味传出，虽然很轻微，只有白小纯可以闻到，可却让白小纯内心咯噔一声。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glittered. Not pausing for even a moment, he pulled out more medicinal plants and started his seventh batch. However, in almost the exact same instant that he started the seventh batch, an acrid odor suddenly wafted out. It was very faint, and could only be detected by Bai Xiaochun, and yet it caused his heart to begin pounding.

他右手掐诀一指，顿时地火温度降低，最终勉强结束后，第七炉，再次成功！
He performed an incantation gesture with his right hand and pointed out, reducing the earthflame temperature. After manipulating the ingredients with the greatest care, he succeeded with the seventh batch!

只是出现的墨灵香，只有三寸大小，且杂质很多，只差一些就跌落下品，成为了毒香，虽然如此，可在众人看去，依旧是成功！
However, this stick was only three inches long, and contained many impurities, leaving it on the verge of being low-grade, almost toxic. However, as far as the audience was concerned, that still counted as a success!

到了这一刻，四周众人的精神已被彻底的激起，一个个呼吸急促，尤其是许宝财，更是目中带着不可思议。
At this point, the audience was completely and utterly wrapped up in what was happening. Everyone was panting in excitement, especially Xu Baocai, whose eyes glowed with disbelief.

“七次成功 天啊，这白小纯居然真的做到了七次！”
“Seven successes Heavens! Bai Xiaochun actually succeeded seven times!”

“与周心琪师姐一样！
“He’s just as good as Elder Sister Zhou Xinqi!

我记得似乎只有传说中当年一位叫做王青山的师兄做到过八次，此人如今已是高高在上传承弟子了！”
I remember hearing that the only person to ever exceed eight successes was a disciple from years ago named Wang Qingshan, an Elder Brother who is now in the supreme position of being in the legacy echelon!”

“至于九次 前所未有，无人成功过！”
“Succeeding nine times is completely unheard-of. Nobody has ever done it!”

在这众人哗然时，白小纯沉默下来，盯着丹炉，他的双眼慢慢出现了血丝，他早就没去关注考核，而是沉浸在炼药中，对于方才的险些失败，他冥思苦想，又取出药草再次观察一番，慢慢找到了原因。
The audience was in an uproar, but Bai Xiaochun was sitting there quietly, looking at the pill furnace. His eyes were bloods hot, and by this point, he wasn’t even thinking about the test. He was immersed in thoughts of concocting medicine, and was analyzing the near failure from all angles. Next, he pulled out the ingredients and began to examine them again to try to determine the cause.

“是这种叫做墨水果的灵植，每一个内部蕴含的墨素都有细微的不同 ”白小纯盯着手中的墨水果，脑中不断地分析与推演。
“This spirit plant is called inkfruit, and the ink elements within each one are slightly different” He held the inkfruit in his hand and continued to observe and analyze it.

时间一点点过去，四周的众人一个个看着白小纯沉思的模样，都苦笑起来，虽然振奋，可白小纯每次炼药前的思考，实在是慢的让人发指。
Time passed, and more wry smiles could be seen on the faces of the audience as they realized what was happening. Although they were excited, Bai Xiaochun was so thoughtfully slow in medicine concocting that it could make one bristle with anger.

不愿就此离去，四周外门弟子一个个索性在这里盘膝打坐，等待白小纯，还有一些，疲惫之下，直接靠在一旁的岩石上，居然睡了起来。
And yet, nobody was willing to leave. The Outer Sect disciples all sat there cross-legged, some of them meditating as they waited for Bai Xiaochun. Others were so exhausted that they leaned up against nearby boulders to sleep.

徐长老神色古怪，咳嗽一声，也盘膝坐下。
A strange expression could be seen on the face of Elder Xu. Coughing dryly, he sat there cross-legged, waiting.

杜凌菲，韩建业，自然也不愿离开，可被白小纯耗得身心俱疲，两眼泛红，此刻不得不纷纷打坐。
Of course, Du Lingfei and Han Jianye weren’t going to leave. Although Bai Xiaochun left them physically and mentally exhausted, they had no choice but to sit there quietly.

四周慢慢寂静，不多时甚至还有呼噜声传出，可也有一些人熬在那里，始终望着白小纯，许宝财就是其中之一。
Everything was very quiet, except for the occasional snores which echoed out. And yet, people were still waiting, and watching Bai Xiaochun. Xu Baocai was among their number.

数个时辰后，有人醒了，一看白小纯居然还在思考，不由得感慨。
Hours passed, during which some people awoke from their sleep to find Bai Xiaochun sitting there in contemplation. They couldn’t help but sigh.

“他居然还在研究？”
“I can’t believe he’s still studying.”

“天都亮了 ”
“The sun is rising”

终于，在十多个时辰后，白小纯双眼血丝弥漫，猛地抬头。
Eventually, after more than twenty hours had passed, Bai Xiaochun suddenly looked up, and his eyes were completely bloods hot.

第四十五章 弄死你不难！
0044 chapter-45 Bai Xiaochun was panting.

白小纯呼吸急促，他早已忘我，没有去考虑自己成功了几次，也没有去关注这一次考核的结果，他眼睛满是血丝，此刻所想只有一个，那就是如何让自己在下一次开炉时，可以有十足的把握。
By this point, he was focused to the point of tuning everything else out. He wasn’t even worried about whether or not he would succeed. His eyes were bloods hot, and his mind was occupied with only one thing how to be completely and utterly confident!

没有把握，绝不开炉！
Unless he was totally confident, he wouldn't start the next batch!

他喜欢稳妥的性格，在炼药上，发挥到了极致。
When it came to concocting medicine, his cautious and prudent personality was fully on display.

可思索至今，他发现自己无论怎么去想办法，都无法解决问题，除非可以去固定墨灵果内的墨素，可如此一来，虽不算改变药方，可也是一种细微的调整，白小纯沉默片刻，目中露出果断。
However, even after all the thought he had put into it, he still couldn’t figure out how to solve the problem without first standardizing the ink elements within the Inkfruit. Although that wouldn't count as changing the medicine formula, it would be a slight adjustment to it. After a moment of thought, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flickered with determination.

“只能跳出药方，去按照需要调整了！”
“The only way is to adjust the formula on a case-by-case basis!”

他一把捏碎了手中的墨灵果。
He quickly crushed the Inkfruit.

咔嚓一声，无数的汁液洒落，但却没有掉入丹炉，而是被凝聚在半空，在白小纯的操控下，按照他所需要的浓郁程度，不断地融合在一起。
A squishing sound could be heard as juice flowed out, although Bai Xiaochun didn't send it into the pill furnace. Instead, he congealed it in the air in front of him, then began to make adjustments here and there.

这一幕，其他人看到没觉得什么，只是诧异，甚至白小纯自己也没觉得有什么出奇的地方，他只是觉得这么做，才会稳妥，所以才如此。
Most people in the audience were surprised, but didn’t really understand what he was doing. Even Bai Xiaochun himself didn't really think that his actions were anything special, he just felt that this was the best course of action considering the circumstances.

可徐长老却猛地睁开眼，目中深处首次露出震惊，要知道就算是之前白小纯成功了七次，他也只是惊讶而已，可眼下，这种震惊，超出之前太多。
However, Elder Xu had opened his eyes, and a gleam of shock flickered deep therein. Although he had been a bit surprised that Bai Xiaochun had succeeded seven times in a row, what he was doing now was far more shocking.

“这白小纯，他竟尝试调整药方，此子不俗，难怪掌座上个月临外出前，让我关注此子！”
“This Bai Xiaochun is actually trying to adjust the medicine formula! Incredible! No wonder the peak lord told me to keep an eye on him while he was away from the mountain!”

徐长老若有所思。
Elder Xu continued to observe Bai Xiaochun silently.

片刻后，白小纯右手猛地挥舞，将多余的墨素驱除后，只留下指甲盖大小的部分，扔入丹炉中，这才取出其他药草，一一放入，开了第八炉！
A moment later, Bai Xiaochun waved his hand, flushing away the extra ink elements, leaving behind a drop about the size of a fingernail. After sending it into the pill furnace, he produced the rest of the medicinal plant ingredients and then began his eighth batch!

丹炉肉眼可见的变红，甚至都没有到一个时辰，也就是两炷香左右，丹炉通体一震，药香猛地散开时，第八炉，成功！
The pill furnace instantly turned bright red. This time, it didn’t take two hours. After enough time passed for two incense sticks to burn, the pill furnace trembled, and a medicinal aroma spread out. The eighth batch had succeeded!

徐长老一眼就看向丹炉内，立刻就看到了里面赫然有一块足有十寸大小的 墨灵香，颜色黑中带紫！
Elder Xu looked at the pill furnace, and what he saw was a seven-inch-long stick of Inkspirit Incense that was black with violet specks!

“近乎中品！”
“That’s almost mid-grade!”

徐长老目中露出奇芒。
Elder Xu thought, his eyes shining brightly.

白小纯也看出了这一次炼制的墨灵香的不同之处，他神色内露出恍惚，在这一刻猛然的明白了自己为何之前炼制的所有灵药，都是下品。
Bai Xiaochun could also tell that this stick of Inkspirit Incense was different than the others. Although he was initially confused, he suddenly realized why all of the other spirit medicines he had produced before were low-grade.

“药方不是固定 根据自己的需要去炼制，才有可能炼出 中品以上的灵药！”
“The medicine formula isn’t standardized If you adjust things based on your current needs, you can concoct mid-grade spirit medicines or higher!”

白小纯顿时有种豁然开朗之感，精神颇为振奋，还没等四周之人哗然再起，挥手间，开了第九炉！
Bai Xiaochun suddenly felt as if the world had been opened up to him. Feeling very excited, and before even waiting for the crowd to break out into an uproar, he started his ninth batch!

这一刻，四周众人呼吸急促，每个人都不在说话了，他们已被彻底震撼，尽管之前有所期待，可当亲眼看到白小纯连续八次成功后，每个人都觉得无法置信。
Everyone was panting, and nobody was talking. They were all completely and utterly shaken. They might have been excited before, but now that they had personally witnessed Bai Xiaochun succeed eight times in a row, they were in a state of complete and utter incredulity.

这不但超越了周心琪，更是与如今成为传承弟子的王青山不相伯仲！
Not only had he surpassed Zhou Xinqi, he was now on almost the exact same level as the legacy echelon cultivator Wang Qingshan!

还没等四周众人从这震撼中恢复，这一次白小纯炼药的速度，更快了一些，只用了一炷香的时间，丹炉轰然震动，香气更为狂猛，第九炉 再次成功！
Before everyone could recover from their shock, Bai Xiaochun rapidly went about concocting the next batch. He only used the time it takes an incense stick to burn before rumbling sounds could be heard from the pill furnace, and a powerful blast of medicinal aroma spread out. The ninth batch was a success!

“前所未有！”
“This is unheard-of!”

“从来没有人打到过九次，尤其是这还是墨灵香，这白小纯他虽然思索的时间长的让人发指，可 可他的成功率，一样骇人听闻！”
“Nobody has ever succeeded nine times, and especially not with Inkspirit Incense! Bai Xiaochun spent an infuriatingly long time thinking, but but his success rate is completely astonishing!”

许宝财脑海嗡鸣不断，早已彻彻底底的目瞪口呆，杜凌菲只觉得脑海掀起无尽大浪，不由的想到了当初小比时，对方道出嫁接草木的一幕幕。
Xu Baocai’s mind was spinning, and his jaw hung wide open. Du Lingfei felt her heart being battered by waves of astonishment, and couldn’t help but think back to the competition, and how Bai Xiaochun had analyzed that grafted plant.

韩建业反倒松了口气，苦涩虽有，可却不在抓狂了，若白小纯只是比他多了一点，他还会较真，可如今，他服了
Han Jianye simply sighed bitterly. Although he was disappointed, he was no longer enraged. If Bai Xiaochun had surpassed him by a small amount, he might have continued to pursue a grudge, but now, he had to admit that he had lost

“还剩最后一次，白师兄已开创了一个前无古人，他到底能否 开创一个奇迹！”
“With only one more success, Elder Brother Bai will do something nobody has ever done, not even in ancient times! He is going to pull off a miracle!”

“这一次值了，哪怕在这里熬了好几天，也都值了！”
“Boy was it worth it to come watch the test this time. We got stuck here for a few days, but it was definitely worth it!”

此地所有人，在这一瞬，全部瞩目白小纯这里，他们的呼吸粗重，目中都露出强烈的期待，哪怕是徐长老，也都目不转睛，他心中的震惊更多。
As of this moment, Bai Xiaochun was the center of all attention. Everyone was panting, and their eyes gleamed with intense anticipation. Even Elder Xu felt completely shocked, and was staring with wide eyes.

很快，白小纯动了，他的神色凝重，将最后一份材料取出，一一整理后根据不同的时间与搭配，放入丹炉内，双手掐诀，催发地火。
Finally, Bai Xiaochun moved. His eyes shone with focus as he produced the final set of ingredients. After organizing them into the order that he would use them, he began to feed them into the pill furnace, then performed a double- handed incantation gesture to stoke the earthflame.

时间流逝，四周一片寂静，甚至人们都可以听到自己的心跳声，在这等待里，一炷香后
Time passed in complete silence. The only thing the audience could hear was the beat of their own hearts as they waited for the time it takes an incense stick to burn

一声剧烈的轰鸣巨响，蓦然间从丹炉内传出，没有失败时的雾气散开，可也没有任何药香扩散，让四周众人纷纷提起了心。
An intense rumbling sound could be heard from within the pill furnace. No smoke of failure poured out, and yet, neither did a medicinal aroma. Everyone was shocked.

“失败了么？”
“Did he fail?”

许宝财觉得口干舌燥。
Xu Baocai thought, so nervous that his tongue was sticking to the roof of his mouth.

白小纯也愣了一下，心中有了一些猜测，双眼顿时明亮起来。
Bai Xiaochun stared in shock, but then he suddenly realized what was most likely happening, and his eyes began to shine.

就在这时，四周所有人都立刻看到，那丹炉内竟有彩光，顺着缝隙向外散出，随着光芒的出现，徐长老猛地上前，望着丹炉内通体紫色，只有一寸大小的墨灵香，眼中露出狂喜。
It was at this point that everyone watching could see a scintillating light shining out from the joints and cracks in the pill furnace. Elder Xu suddenly leapt forward to peer into the pill furnace, within which was a one-inch-long stick of Inkspirit Incense that was completely violet. His eyes danced with elation.

“中品！”
“Mid-grade!” he said, laughing loudly.

徐长老大笑，袖子一甩，就所有丹炉以及口袋，还有被炼制出的墨灵香全部一股脑的手中。
Flicking his sleeve, he collected up all of the pill furnaces and sticks of Inkspirit Incense which had been concocted.

“此番考核，白小纯，韩建业，杜凌菲，陈子昂，赵一多，你等五人成功晋升药徒，白小纯 第一，获五千贡献点！”
“The final round of the test is over. Bai Xiaochun, Han Jianye, Du Lingfei, Chen Zi’ang, Zhao Yiduo, you five have all been promoted to journeyman apothecary! Bai Xiaochun, you take the top spot and are awarded 5,000 merit points!”

他话语一出，四周众人在顿时爆发，轰鸣之声传遍四方。
The crowd dissolved into wild commotion, the sound of which echoed out in all directions.

“十次，十次全部成功！”
“Ten successes! He got ten successes!”

“那最后一次炼制的，竟是 中品，身为药徒，竟能炼出中品灵药！”
“Plus, the final batch produced a mid-grade product! He’s only a journeyman apothecary, but can already concoct mid-grade spirit medicine!”

无论是许宝财，还是杜凌菲，又或者韩建业，此刻所有人，全部震撼。
Xu Baocai, Du Lingfei, Han Jianye, and everyone else present were completely stunned.

白小纯有些无奈，他还没仔细的观察自己炼制的唯一一个中品灵药，此刻眼看被徐长老拿走，站起来后心底很是不满，可看对方的样子，分明没有给自己的可能。
It was somewhat grudgingly that Bai Xiaochun watched the only mid-grade spirit medicine he had ever concocted be whisked away by Elder Xu. He was of a mind to give voice to his discontent, but Elder Xu seemed too imposing, and was clearly not going to return the incense.

白小纯叹了口气，此刻疲惫不堪，走下广场，一路上四周众人看向他时，目中都带着狂热与敬佩，他们此刻也自然看出白小纯之所以十次成功，绝非侥幸，那一次次的思索，更不是寻常人可以做到的。
Bai Xiaochun sighed and left the square, exhausted. As he walked through the crowd, people looked at him with excitement and admiration. Obviously, the fact that he had succeeded ten times in a row was no fluke, and was something that an ordinary disciple could never do.

“恭喜白师兄开创奇迹，成就前所未有！”
“Congratulations on pulling off a miracle, Elder Brother Bai! This is completely unprecedented!”

“白师兄，佩服，佩服！”
“Congratulations, Elder Brother Bai, I truly admire you!”

“白师兄，小妹这里有些草木上的不解，白师兄能帮小妹一下么 ”
“Elder Brother Bai, I have some questions about plants and vegetation, do you think you could help a Junior Sister out?”

白小纯眨了眨眼，他方才炼丹时太投入，此刻看到众人的样子，立刻知道自己把事情闹大了，但发现四周的同门如此热情，白小纯心中感动，连忙向着众人抱拳。
Bai Xiaochun blinked. He had been so engrossed in medicine concocting that he had completely tuned everything else out. After seeing what a commotion he had caused, he quickly clasped hands and bow ed to the audience. At the moment, he felt nothing short of elated.

心里美滋滋的，之前小乌龟的时候，他没找到机会在万众瞩目下出风头，此刻总算找到了一些被追捧的感觉。
Back when no one knew who the little turtle was, he had never been able to find the right oppor tunity to make a big debut. Now that he had, he was experiencing exactly the feeling he had hoped for.

对于那些让他帮忙的女弟子，白小纯毫不犹豫的点头同意，还不时提醒那些叫自己白师兄的弟子们，自己叫白小纯，生怕别人不知道。
As for the female disciples who were asking for his help, Bai Xiaochun instantly in agreement. Furthermore, as for all of the disciples who were calling him Elder Brother Bai, he asked them to call him Bai Xiaochun, lest people be unaware of his full name.

正得意时，忽然他看到人群内有一个青年，狠狠的盯着自己，白小纯一眼认出对方居然是周心琪的倾慕者之一，立刻神色一动，发现对方面相不善，于是赶紧挤了出去，快速离开。
Just as he was feeling exceptionally proud of himself, he suddenly caught sight of a young man in the crowd, glaring at him. Bai Xiaochun instantly recognized him as one of Zhou Xinqi’s devoted fans. Bai Xiaochun’s face flickered, and he quickly extricated himself from the crowd and sped off.

白小纯一路小跑，回到了自己的木屋后，只觉得头晕晕的，数日的炼药，心神消耗极大，倒在床上就睡着了。
After hurrying all the way back to his log cabin, he realized that he was feeling a bit dizzy. Having spent days concocting medicine, he was completely drained, and instantly fell asleep on his bed.

这一觉直接睡了两天。
He slept for two days straight.

第三天晌午，白小纯睁开眼，疲惫与眩晕感一扫而空，想起自己炼制的唯一一块中品灵药，就这么的被徐长老拿走了，白小纯叹了口气，查看一下，发现自己的身份令牌内多了五千贡献点，才觉得略有安慰。
In the afternoon of the third day, he opened his eyes, feeling completely refreshed. Then, he thought back to how he had personally concocted a mid- grade spirit medicine, and how Elder Xu had then taken it away. Sighing, he took a look at his identity medallion to confirm that 5,000 merit points had been added, and then felt a little bit better.

有了贡献点，白小纯准备继续炼药，修行自己的不死长生功，于是外出一趟，在宗门换取了七八个药方，选择里面一种补充元气的，换了大量的药草。
With those merit points, he could continue to work at concocting medicine, which would also help him cultivate the Undying Live Forever Technique. Next, he made a quick trip out of his residence to retrieve seven or eight medicine formulas from the sect. After picking one for vital energy replenishment, he spent some merit points to get a large quantity of medicinal plants.

过程很快，可他却心惊肉跳，发现一路上有些人看到他后，都神色变化，甚至还有一个竟是周心琪的倾慕者，在看到他后，露出冷笑，取出玉简似在传音。
The entire process went quickly, but he was jumpy with fear the entire time. Wherever he went, it seemed people recognized him, and he even noticed some of Zhou Xinqi’s fans, who glared at him with cold smiles, then produced jade slips to transmit messages to their cohorts.

白小纯紧张了，换完药草后，没有回院子，直奔炼药阁，以余下的贡献点，直接买下了一年的时间，钻了进去。
Bai Xiaochun nervously got all the medicinal plants he needed, then headed, not to his courtyard residence, but to the Medicine Concocting Pavilion. Using the remainder of his merit points, he bought an entire year’s worth of time, and then holed up.

“这次大意了 哼，等我出来的，我出来后不死铁皮大成，有来惹我的，来一个我掐一个，来十个 我就去找掌座！”
“I was a bit careless this time Hmph. Just wait ‘til I come out. I'm going to make a big breakthrough in my Undying Iron Skin, and if you people mess with me Well, if you come at me one at a time, I’ll take you out. If you gang up then I’ll just call for the peak lord!”

白小纯冷哼一声，在这灵药阁的房间里，不在出去，开始炼药。
Snorting coldly, he began to concoct medicine there in the workshop.

他自己也能猜到，在沉睡的那两天时间里，有关他晋升药徒时发生的事情，必定会渐渐传出，可以想象，用不了多久，会传遍整个香云山。
He could well imagine how, during those two days in which he had slept, word of him being promoted to journeyman apothecary had spread. In fact, it wouldn’t take long before the entire Fragrant Cloud Peak was talking about it.

事实上也的确如此，此刻的宗门内，已经有人怀疑，白小纯 就是小乌龟！
And of course, that was exactly what happened. Furthermore, many people were already speculating that Bai Xiaochun was the little turtle!

不然怎么会这么巧，都是草木灵兽均大成，尤其是白小纯炼出中品，更是晋升炼药十次全部成功。
There were too many coincidences for there to be any other explanation. Not only had he shown amazing talent with both plants and vegetation and spirit creatures, but Bai Xiaochun had concocted a mid-grade spirit medicine. He had even passed the journeyman apothecary test with ten successes in a row.

周心琪的那些倾慕者，更是出动，甚至杜凌菲的倾慕者们，也都加入进来，但他们没想到白小纯居然这么警惕，竟没有回住所，而是留在了炼药阁，尤其是当他们托人打探到，白小纯居然买下一年的炼药时间后，众人纷纷恼怒。
Zhou Xinqi’s fans immediately sprang into action, as did Du Lingfei’s fans. However, none of them realized how cautious Bai Xiaochun was, so much so that he would never return to his residence, but would instead stay at the Medicine Concocting Pavilion. Then they found out that he had purchased an entire year’s worth of time in one of the workshops, and they were instantly enraged.

只是炼药阁他们不敢闯，而且白小纯的身份，也使得他们有些顾忌，毕竟这样一个弟子，他们也不敢真的拿白小纯怎么样，可狠狠的收拾教训一番，宗门还是不会管的，毕竟技不如人，怨不得旁者。
However, the Medicine Concocting Pavilion wasn’t a place that they could just barge into. Furthermore, Bai Xiaochun’s new status struck fear into their hearts. Although they couldn’t really do anything to him, if they roughed him up to teach him a lesson, the sect wouldn’t care. After all, people who provok ed those above their skill level would get what they deserved.

可眼下没别的办法，众人只能恨恨离去，不过人群内却有一个麻脸青年，冷眼看着炼药阁，嘴角慢慢露出一抹阴冷。
However, there was nothing to be done now, so the group which had gathered to catch Bai Xiaochun dispersed begrudgingly. However, there was one of their number, a pock-faced young man, who looked at the Medicine Concocting Pavilion with a cold smile.

“以为藏在这里，我就拿你没办法了么，打了我表弟陈飞也就罢了，还欺负我心爱的周师妹，又欺负我最爱的杜师妹，就连我最近看上的侯师妹都口中总是有你，白小纯，你虽然有些草木资质，可我想弄死你，也并非难事！”
“You think that hiding in there will keep you safe from me? I couldn’t care less that you beat up my cousin Chen Fei. However, you bullied my beloved Junior Sister Zhou, and also my most cherished Junior Sister Du.


Plus, my favorite of all, Junior Sister Hou, won’t stop talking about you.


Bai


Xiaochun, you might have talent in plants and vegetation, but killing you won’t be any trouble at all for me!”

青年心底冷笑，他正是那位钱姓内门弟子，钱大金！
The young man laughed coldly. He was none other than the Inner Sect disciple surnamed Qian, Qian Dajin!

白小纯在炼药阁的房间里，悠闲自在，每天要么炼药，要么就修行不死长生功，日子一天天过去，他的不死长生功，正在突飞猛进。
Bai Xiaochun spent one carefree day after another in the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, either concocting medicines or cultivating his Undying Live Forever Technique. As the days went by, he truly did advance by leaps and bou nds in the Undying Live Forever Technique.

全身的皮肤，更为坚韧，速度与力量也超出从前。
His skin became tougher and more durable, and he could move even faster than before.

“再有两天，我的不死铁皮，将会彻底大成！”
“Another two days, and my Undying Iron Skin will be complete!”

白小纯深吸口气，目中露出昂扬之意。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, and his eyes gleamed with elation.

可就在这一天黄昏，突然的，一道青光从宗门任务处飞出，直奔灵药阁，竟无视阁楼的防护，瞬间出现在了白小纯所在的房间内。
However, it was on that very night at dusk that, all of a sudden, a green beam of light shot from the Missions Offices toward the Medicine Pavilion. It completely bypassed the protective shields surrounding the pavilion, and appeared right there inside of Bai Xiaochun’s workshop.

白小纯一愣，仔细一看，那是一片令牌！
Bai Xiaochun gaped in shock at the command medallion which was now hovering in front of him!

第四十六章 执法堂的任务！
0045 chapter-46

这令牌漆黑，唯独在中间的位置，有一个凸起的“法”字，使人看去时，不由得会升起一股肃杀之意。
The command medallion was pitch black, and in the very center was the character “Justice,” which emanated a bleak and somber air.

就在白小纯愣住的同时，一个冰冷的声音，蓦然间从这令牌内传出，回荡整个房间。
Even as Bai Xiaochun stared in at it shock, a cold voice echoed out into the workshop. “Outer Sect disciple Bai Xiaochun. After an investigation carried out by the

“外门弟子白小纯，经执法堂查探，你入门数年，只完成一次种养灵植任务，触犯门规，故强征参与三天后外出任务，不得有误！”
Hall of Justice, it has been confirmed that after being in the sect for several years, you have only accomplished a single mission, to raise a spirit plant. Because of this violation of sect rules, you must participate in a mandatory out-of-sect mission, which begins three days from now!”

声音森冷，透出阵阵冰寒，似乎若白小纯敢拒绝，那么等待他的，将是执法堂的严酷责罚！
From the cold and sinister nature of the voice, it seemed apparent that if Bai Xiaochun refused to comply, he would receive the strictest of punishments!

“执法堂！”
“The Hall of Justice!”

白小纯眼睛猛地瞪起，内心更是咯噔一声时，这令牌化作一道黑芒，消失无影。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes bulged, and his heart began to pound. At the same time, the command medallion transformed into a black glow, and then vanished.

四周寂静，白小纯面色不断变化，取出自己的身份令牌后，发现在里面强行出现了一个自己要去完成的任务。
Everything was dead quiet. Bai Xiaochun’s face flickered with various emotions as he pulled out his identity medallion. Sure enough, he found that a mandatory mission had been added.

他的确是疏忽了宗门内每年需要至少完成一次任务的事情，可这执法堂的令牌来的突然，白小纯无论怎么想，都觉得此事蹊跷。
He had completely forgotten about the rule about a minimum number of missions required for disciples on a yearly basis. However, the abrupt arrival of the command medallion from the Hall of Justice was something that Bai Xiaochun found very odd.

他沉默片刻，走出房间，离开了炼药阁后，直奔山顶。
After a moment of thought, he left his workshop, walked out of the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, and headed toward the top of the mountain.

“此事不对劲，总感觉背后凉飕飕的 我上山多年，从来没主动找过掌座，此番要去拜见一下，问清到底怎么回事。”
“Something’s not right here. Why do I feel like a cold wind is running down my back? Well, I’ve been in the sect for years now, and have never taken the initiative to go see the peak lord. I might as well go pay my respects and see if I can figure out what’s going on.”

白小纯一路心事重重，可到了山顶后问了李青候的道童，却得知李青候在数月前外出，至今没回。
Bai Xiaochun was wrapped up in very important thoughts the entire way up the mountain. Eventually, he found Li Qinghou’s Daoist assistant, only to discover that Li Qinghou had been out of the sect for several months.

白小纯内心叫苦，心里不安，转身离去时没有立刻回炼药阁，而是去找许宝财，毕竟对方百事通，白小纯琢磨着或许能从对方那里，得到一些线索。
Bai Xiaochun was feeling very bitter, and very nervous. Instead of returning to the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, he went to find Xu Baocai. After all, Xu Baocai knew everything that was going on in the sect, so perhaps he would have some clue about what was going on.

许宝财身为香云山外门弟子，居住的院子在山的另一面，白小纯一路疾驰，此刻黄昏，天色渐暗，一路上倒也没看到几个人影，很快就到了许宝财的院子外。
Xu Baocai was still an Outer Sect disciple, and lived on a different part of the mountain than Bai Xiaochun. By now it was evening, and not very many people were out and about. Soon, Bai Xiaochun had arrived outside Xu Baocai’s courtyard residence.

这里不如白小纯的院子那般僻静，而是与七八个院子挨在一起，此刻夜色中，可以看到这些院子里都有烛火之光散出。
This residence was not as remote as Bai Xiaochun’s, and was clustered together with seven or eight others. Now that it was dark, firelight could be seen shining out from several of the courtyards.

白小纯低头，没有敲门，身体一晃直接飞跃进去，立刻就看到了许宝财正低头在一个小本上写着什么。
Bai Xiaochun ducked his head down to make himself inconspicuous. Instead of knocking on the main gate, he flew over the wall, after which he caught sight of Xu Baocai bent over a little notebook , writing.

“许宝财。”
“Xu Baocai,” he whispered.

白小纯低声开口，他话语一出，许宝财被吓了一跳，猛地抬头看到白小纯后，才反应过来。
Xu Baocai was startled, but once he saw who had come, he said, “Oh, hey

“白师兄。”
Elder Brother Bai.”

许宝财诧异，赶紧起身，让白小纯进了房间。
A bit confused, he rose to his feet and invited Bai Xiaochun into his room.

“白师兄不是在炼药阁闭关么，怎么到我这里来了？”
“Elder Brother Bai, weren’t you in secluded meditation in the Medicine

许宝财好奇的问道。
Concocting Pavilion?” he asked curiously.


“What are you doing out here?”

“许宝财，你对执法堂了解多少？”
“Xu Baocai, what do you know about the Hall of Justice?”

白小纯立刻开口。
Bai Xiaochun asked immediately.

“执法堂？
Seeing the grim expression on Bai Xiaochun's face, Xu Baocai could tell that something was wrong, and quickly responded, “The Hall of Justice?

分为南北两堂，各自有权监察所属区域的所有外门弟子与杂役，不过一般不会出面，除非是犯下了一些严重的门规。”
Well, there’s a southern hall and a northern hall, who administer the two different parts of the sect. They oversee the Outer Sect disciples and servants, but usually don’t do a nything unless there’s been a serious violation of sect rules.

许宝财觉得不对劲了，眼看白小纯面色阴沉，他连忙开口。


“可一旦出面了，他们的权利极大，强行安排一些事情不说，对于叛逃宗门者，更可直接击杀，这么说吧，执法堂就是一把刀，一把悬在外门弟子头顶的刀，使得任何一个外门弟子，都不敢去触犯门规。”
“If a violation does occur, they have a lot of power. There are all sorts of punishments they can enforce. In fact, they even have the power to execute traitors. Essentially, the Hall of Justice is like a sword hanging over the necks of the Outer Sect disciples, ensuring that none of us ever dare to violate sect rules.

“一旦触犯门规，被执法堂盯上，不死也要被拔一层皮下来 ”
“If someone does, and gets noticed by the Hall of Justice, they’ll receive swift and severe punishment

“不过执法堂虽权利不小，可限制也极多，只要不触犯门规，那么就没必要理会执法堂。”
“Of course, although the Hall of Justice has a lot of power, that power is limited. As long as you don’t violate sect rules, then you don’t really have to worry about them at all.”

许宝财说的很详细，把他所了解的有关执法堂的消息，都告诉了白小纯。
As usual, Xu Baocai went on to give a very detailed description of the Hall of Justice to Bai Xiaochun, based on everything that he knew.

甚至说着说着，他还将自己听到的所有关于被执法堂盯上的弟子，最后的凄惨，也都告诉了白小纯。
He even went on to tell Bai Xiaochun the grisly fates of some of the disciples who had run afoul of the Hall of Justice.

“五百年前，我灵溪宗出了一个叛徒，被执法堂追杀七天灭杀，身魂俱灭！”
“Five hundred years ago, a traitor rose up within the Spirit Stream Sect. The Hall of Justice tracked him down for seven days before finally killing him and wiping out his soul!

“三百年前，一位外门弟子犯下大过，执法堂给予机会，可却不知悔改毫不理会，结果被执法堂禀告宗门，被责罚在黑风口，整日受裂风撕割，至今还在受罚。”
“Three hundred years ago, an Outer Sect disciple flagrantly violated sect rules. Although the Hall of Justice gave him a chance to repent, he ignored it. In the end, the Hall of Justice reported the matter to the sect, and the disciple was punished in the Blackwind Abyss, where to this very day, he is constantly scourged by biting winds.

“一百年前，周山道叛乱，执法堂警告后对方依旧不知悔改，故而出动，灭杀周山道除凡人外所有修士，轰动四方。”
“A hundred years ago, the Mount Zhou Society planned an armed rebellion. Despite warnings from the Hall of Justice, they refused to back down. When they finally made their move, the Hall of Justice executed all the cultivators from the Mount Zhou Society, sparing only the mortals.”

白小纯越听面色越难看，内心不断地咯噔咯噔的。
As Bai Xiaochun listened to all of this, his expression grew more unsightly than ever, and his heart began to pou nd.

“你的意思是说，执法堂做事，一般先是警告，若不知悔改，就会严加处理？”
“Are you telling me that normally the Hall of Justice gives a warning first, and resorts to serious punishment only if you don’t repent?”

“是啊，这就是对执法堂的限制之一，不然执法堂岂不是权利大的没边了。”
“Yeah, exactly. That’s one of the limitations placed upon the Hall of Justice. Otherwise, they would have far too much power.”

许宝财看了白小纯一眼，心底隐隐猜到对方或许被执法堂盯上了，但此事太敏感，许宝财明哲保身，说些消息可以，但却不敢过多参与进去。
By this point, Xu Baocai had guessed that the Hall of Justice must have set their eyes on Bai Xiaochun. However, matters pertaining to the Hall of Justice were sensitive, and Xu Baocai was intelligent enough to look out for his own interests. Therefore, although he told Bai Xiaochun what he knew, he didn’t dare to get any more involved than that.

只是最后，在白小纯临走时，许宝财迟疑了一下，想起白小纯的草木造诣，低声向白小纯说了一句话。
In the end, just before Bai Xiaochun was about to leave, Xu Baocai hesitated for a moment as he thought about Bai Xiaochun’s skill with plants and vegetation, and then suddenly lowered his voice and asked, “Elder Brother

“白师兄，你可知道青峰山的内门弟子 钱大金？
Bai, do you happen to know an Inner Sect disciple from Green Crest Peak named Qian Dajin?

他是陈飞的表兄，此人也是执法堂的成员之一。”
He’s Chen Fei’s older cousin, and he also happens to be a member of the Hall of Justice.”

一炷香后，白小纯离去，走在宗门的小路上，看着天空的明月，白小纯想着许宝财说的那些，与自己之前所了解的一一印证，确定属实后，长叹一声。
After the time it takes an incense stick to burn, Bai Xiaochun left. As he walked along the path in the sect, he looked up at the moon and thought about everything Xu Baocai had said, which only served to confirm what he had already surmised. In the end, he sighed.

“宗门内我没得罪谁啊，若真说有，陈飞算一个，再就是那些周心琪的倾慕者了 钱大金，钱大金！”
“I didn't offend anyone in the sect!” he thought, clenching his jaw. “Other than Chen Fei, there’s only the fans of Zhou Xinqi Qian Dajin. Qian Dajin!”

白小纯咬了咬牙，回到了炼药阁后，盘膝坐在房间里，望着面前的丹炉，他面皮抽动了一下。
After returning to the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, he sat down cross- legged in the workshop and looked at the pill furnace. Then his face twitched.

“差不多明朗了，我没有完成每年的任务是一个诱因，这等事情，实际上若没人来查，算不得大事，毕竟不可能只有我一个人没完成，那钱大金身为执法堂一员，这是公报私仇！”
“It’s pretty obvious that me failing to complete a sect mission every year is just an excuse. Something like that wouldn’t be noticed unless someone specifically looked into it, and even still, it isn’t a very big deal. Besides, I couldn’t possibly be the only person in the sect who has done that. Since


Qian Dajin is a member of the Hall of Justice, he’s using his public office to avenge private grudges!”

白小纯沉默，半晌之后，眼中有了血丝。
After more thought, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were growing increasingly bloods hot.

“我若去执行任务，此人必定会在途中有所行动，不然的话，不会费这么大的心思，可虽然如此，但毕竟是藏着的，他不敢让宗门知晓，总体来说，他是被动的。”
“If I go on this mission, he’ll definitely make sure something happens to me at some point. Why else would he go through all the trouble of setting this up? However, he would still have to be careful to make sure the sect doesn’t find out. Overall, I still have the initiative.

“可若是我不理会，那么正中他下怀，他不在被动，而是可以凭着执法堂的身份，主动对我责罚！”
“If I ignore the mission order, then I would be falling right into his hands. He would be able to take control of the initiative, using his status in the Hall of Justice to directly punish me!”

思索许久，左也不是，右也不行，白小纯拿出身份令牌，仔细的研究了一下任务，很快的，就在里面看到了一个熟悉的名字。
Bai Xiaochun thought about it from many directions, but there was no perfect solution. Eventually, he took out his identity medallion and examined the mission. It only took a moment before he realized there was a familiar name in the mission description.

“侯云飞？”
“Hou Yunfei?”

白小纯一愣，想起了自己刚刚成为外门弟子时，正是侯云飞带着自己详细的介绍了宗门，当看完后，他闭上眼沉思。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes went wide as he thought back to when he had first become an Outer Sect disciple, and the detailed introduction to the sect Hou Yunfei had given him. Then, he closed his eyes to think more.

这任务不难，侯云飞在数年前接下一个任务，外出执行，每个月都会固定向宗门传回信息，这是任何一个接下长期任务的弟子，都需要做的事情。
This mission didn't seem to be a difficult one. A few years ago, Hou Yunfei had accepted a mission outside of the sect, and would check back in every month with news. That was a common arrangement for disciples who took on long-term missions.

可在两个月前，却失去了联系，没有信息传回。
However, two months ago, contact was lost, and no news had come back.

所以才有了这一次的任务，让三个外门弟子出动，去调查此事，可却没有一定要求必须找到全部线索。
Therefore, this new mission had been handed down. Three Outer Sect disciples would be sent to investigate, with no specific instructions regarding the clues they were to gather.

这种任务，在宗门里很常见，一般来说只是搜寻一下，调查一番，找到些线索就够了，回禀宗门后，宗门自会处理。
Search missions like this were common within the sect. All the disciples had to do was investigate a bit, turn up some clues, and then come back to the sect to let someone follow up further.

况且一个外门弟子失踪，对于宗门而言，算不上太大的事情，可毕竟也是宗门弟子，所以对于失踪的事情，也需处理。
Furthermore, for an Outer Sect disciple to go missing wasn’t a very important matter as far as the sect was concerned. Of course, they were still disciples, so the matter had to be handled eventually.

这才有了此番的任务。
That was why missions like this existed in the first place.

白小纯沉吟片刻，衡量之后一咬牙。
Bai Xiaochun thought about it further, and after weighing all the options and facts, clenched his teeth.

“这任务，去了！”
“Fine, I’ll take the mission.”

白小纯呼吸急促，红着眼，立刻炼丹，他要在外出执行任务时，让自己的不死铁皮大成。
Panting, eyes bloods hot, he immediately began to concoct more medicine. If he was going to go out of the sect on a mission, then he needed to have a major breakthrough with his Undying Iron Skin.

两天后，白小纯全身轰鸣，震动时他全身的皮肤，在这一刹那漆黑一片，那黑色的皮肤很快就恢复如常，可仔细去看时，隐隐能看到有一丝红，在皮肤上一闪而逝。
Two days later, Bai Xiaochun’s body was shaking, and his skin was vibrating. Suddenly, a wave of blackness spread out across him, which quickly vanished. However, if you looked closely, you could just barely see red streaks of light flashing across him.

“黑为铁，红为铜！”
“The black is iron, the red is bronze!”

白小纯按了一下自己的皮肤，竟传出阵阵金铁之声，起身一晃，速度之快更超从前。
When he pushed down on his skin, a sound like ringing metal echoed out. Next, he shot to his feet and confirmed that he was much faster than before.

又尝试了一下力量，最后他身体瞬间一跃，拇指与食指狠狠一捏，碎候锁展开，虚无传出的不再是咔咔声，而是闷闷的轰鸣之音，虽然不大，可白小纯明显感受到了自己的碎候锁，威力比曾经大了何止一倍。
After a few more tests, he leaped up into the air and pinched his thumb and index finger together. There were no cracking sounds this time, but rather muffled boom s. They weren’t very loud, and yet Bai Xiaochun could tell that this move of his was at least twice as pow erful as before.

“不死铁皮，大成！”
“Breakthrough with my Undying Iron Skin!” he thought excitedly.

白小纯振奋，对于外出任务的事情，把握更大了一些。
As of this moment, he was a bit more confident regarding the mission.

“可惜我如今只能炼适合凝气五层以下的一阶灵药，即便是炼灵，服用的效果也不是很好。”
“It's too bad I can only concoct tier-1 spirit medicine appropriate for the fifth level of Qi Condensation and lower.”

白小纯站在房间里，觉得有些可惜，只是时间紧迫，他还无法炼出适合凝气八层以下的二阶灵药。
Bai Xiaochun stood there in the workshop feeling a bit disappointed. However, time was limited, and he simply couldn't produce the type of tier-2 spirit medicine appropriate for the eighth level of Qi Condensation and lower.

所以在修为上进展不多，只是到了凝气六层大圆满。
Because of that, his cultivation base couldn't progress very much, and remained in the great circle of the sixth level of Qi Condensation.

“明日清晨，就要外出了 ”白小纯心底紧张，他拜入灵溪宗后，这还是首次真正意义上的外出，心里觉得没有安全感，于是将口袋里从陈飞那边获得的盾牌，也炼灵三次，甚至觉得还是不稳妥，他将小比时穿着的那几件皮衣，也都去炼灵。
“Tomorrow at dawn I leave the sect” he thought anxiously. This would be his first time truly leaving the sect since he had joined, and he didn’t feel safe at all. In fact, he even took out the shield he had acquired from Chen Fei and performed a threefold spirit enhancement on it. That didn’t leave him feeling very safe, though.


Next, he performed spirit enhancements on the leather coats he had worn in the competition.

最后又想了想，连夜去找了张大胖，借来他的那口据说有地火阵法的大黑锅，可依旧还是不放心，但没别的办法了，白小纯愁眉苦脸，没有回炼药阁，坐在他的院子里，等待天亮。
After more thought, he went out in the middle of the night and found Big Fatty Zhang, to borrow his big black wok that suppos edly had an earthflame spell formation built into it. Even still, he didn’t feel at ease. However, there was nothing more to be done.


Looking very anxious, he returned, not to the


Medicine Concocting Pavilion, but his courtyard, where he waited for the sun to rise.

“钱大金，等我到了筑基，我一定让你好看！”
“Qian Dajin, you just wait until I get to Foundation Establishment. Then I’ll show you a thing or two!”

白小纯越想越紧张，渐渐眼睛红了，他怕死啊，如今他已不是刚刚入宗门之人，对于修真界已经有了一定的了解。
Bai Xiaochun was more nervous than ever, and his eyes were completely bloods hot. He was scared of dying, after all, and now that he was no longer a newcomer to the sect, he was well aware of how the cultivation world worked.

一夜胡思乱想 渐渐，天亮了。
For the entire night, his imagination went wild as he thought about all the bad things that could happen, until eventually the sun rose.

第四十七章 小纯出宗门
0046 chapter-47

清晨，当第一缕阳光落下时，白小纯感受到了身份令牌的震动，他站在自己的院子外，回头看了一眼居住了两年多的宅子，长叹一声。
At dawn, when the first ray of sunlight poked out into the sky, Bai Xiaochun felt his identity medallion vibrating. He stood there at the front of his courtyard, looked back at what had been his home for the past two years, and let out a long sigh.

“此行一定要小心谨慎，可不能把小命给弄丢了 ”白小纯愁眉苦脸，把七八件皮衣都穿上，又背起张大胖的大黑锅，他原本瘦小，此刻这么一装扮，竟如一个球。
“I'm definitely going to need to be very careful. I absolutely must not lose my poor little life” Bai Xiaochun had a very anxious look on his face. He had eight layers of leather coats on, and was wearing Big Fatty Zhang’s huge black wok on his back. Although he was actually relatively skinny, having dressed up in this fashion made him look almost spherical.

带着浓重的心事，白小纯离开了香云山，向着南岸的山门走去，途中不少外门弟子看到他，都被白小纯的装扮弄得愣住。
With a very serious look, Bai Xiaochun left Fragrant Cloud Peak and headed toward the main gate that marked the border of the south bank. On the way, the numerous disciples who looked at him all stared in shock at his unusual getup.

白小纯哭丧着脸，若是遇到熟人，就挥挥手告别，渐渐到了南岸的山门旁，刚一临近，他就看到在那里有两个人，其中一个青年盘膝打坐，另一个则是女子，看背影，白小纯觉得有些眼熟，这女子此刻正在山门旁不耐烦的走来走去。
He scowled miserably the entire time, and whenever he ran into people he knew, he would simply wave goodby e to them. Soon he was approaching the main gate, whereupon he saw two people who had arrived ahead of him. One of them was a young man sitting cross-legged in meditation. The other was a young woman who was pacing back and forth in front of the gate, but who currently had her back to him, and yet looked familiar.

“杜凌菲？” 白小纯一愣。
“Du Lingfei?” he thought, a look of shock appearing on his face.

此刻杜凌菲也看到了白小纯，她也愣了一下，尤其是发现白小纯这么一副装扮后，她皱起眉头。
It was at this point that Du Lingfei also caught sight of him, and her jaw dropped. Then she noticed what he was wearing, and her brow furrowed.

“调查侯师兄失踪任务的最会一个人，是你？”
“You’re the last person in the team going to investigate Elder Brother Hou’s whereabouts?” she asked.

“是我啊，好巧 ”白小纯干咳一声，目光似随意的扫向杜凌菲身边的青年，这青年面无表情，可身上却有一些煞气弥漫，在白小纯看向他时，他睁开眼，似笑非笑的看了白小纯一眼。
“Yeah, what a coincidence” he replied with a dry cough. Then he looked from Du Lingfei over toward the young man. Although his face was expressionless, a murderous aura rippled off of him, and as soon as Bai Xiaochun looked over at him, he opened his eyes and looked back, an enigmatic half-smile on his face.

白小纯内心一动，他来之前已然分析过，在这次任务中，钱大金会如何行动，其中最简单的就是找一个同样执行这个任务的同门，在远离宗门后，暗中出手，这样就可神不知鬼不觉。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart twitched. After analyzing the matter, he had come to the conclusion that the easiest way for Qian Dajin to do something to him was to place a friend within the mission group. Then, after they all left the sect, that friend could strike at him secretly.

此刻无论是杜凌菲还是这青年，白小纯心底都在怀疑，可表面上他自然不会露出，甚至还对着那青年憨笑起来。
At the moment, he found both Du Lingfei and this young man to be worthy of suspicion. And yet, he acted completely at ease, and even smiled widely at the young man.

“在下白小纯，不知师兄是 ”
“Bai Xiaochun at your service,” he said. “Elder Brother, you are?”

“青峰山，冯炎。” 青年一样笑了，缓缓开口。
The young man smiled back and replied, “Feng Yan of Green Crest Peak.” Bai Xiaochun quickly clasped hands in respect.

“原来是冯师兄，冯师兄一看就绝非寻常之辈，我第一次外出执行任务，还望冯师兄多提携一二。”
“Oh, Elder Brother Feng, I should have known it was you. At first glance you’re obviously an extraordinary individual. This is my first mission outside of the sect, so I really hope you can show me how it’s done, Elder Brother Feng.”

白小纯连忙抱拳，已察觉出对方的修为是在凝气七层的样子。
It only took a moment for Bai Xiaochun to assess that Feng Yan’s cultivation base was at the seventh level of Qi Condensation.

“好说好说。”
“No problem. You flatter me.”

冯炎目中有微不可查的轻蔑一扫而过，他之所以会参与这个任务，是因内门弟子钱大金对他许下重诺，让他极为心动，这才同意在执行任务时，将这白小纯坑杀。
A flicker of scorn passed through Feng Yan’s eyes. The only reason he’d agreed to take the mission was that Inner Sect disciple Qian Dajin had promised him a lucrative reward to secretly kill Bai Xiaochun.

这对他来说，很简单，甚至都不需要自己直接出手，稍微使一个绊子，就可以让这白小纯意外身亡。
As far as he was concerned, that wouldn't be difficult at all. All he had to do was be careful and make it look like an accident, Bai Xiaochun was as good as dead.

唯独需要注意的，是不好让杜凌菲看到，不过在他看来，这任务既然有杜凌菲，显然也是钱大金的推动。
The only thing he had to be careful about was to make sure that Du Lingfei didn’t see. Of course, he was mostly convinced that Du Lingfei had taken the mission for the same reason he had, be cause of Qian Dajin.

杜凌菲皱起眉头，她没想到外出执行任务，居然也能与眼前这个让人厌恶的家伙碰到一起，这一次的任务，并非别人强加给她，而是她主动接下，毕竟这种任务虽有一定的危险，可总体还是简单的，且贡献点很是不菲。
As for Du Lingfei, she was currently frowning. She had never imagined that accepting a mission outside the sect would result in her being stuck with one of the people she despised the most. After all, no one had forced her to take this mission, she had selected it on her own. Although there might be some danger associated with it, it was a relatively simple mission with a hefty reward of merit points.

而她卡在凝气五层大圆满很久，想要获得足够的贡献点，再换一根凌云香来突破，一想起凌云香，她对白小纯就更是讨厌。
She had been stuck in the great circle of the fifth level of Qi Condensation for some time now, and needed some Cloudsoaring Incense to break through, which of course required merit points.

“胆小如鼠！”
As soon as she thought about

杜凌菲看到白小纯那副样子，心底更为厌恶，尤其是对方全身上下穿的跟一个球似的，还背着一口大黑锅，怎么看都是一副怕死到了极致的模样。
Cloudsoaring Incense, her revulsion for Bai Xiaochun stirred. “The lily-livered rat!” she thought, glaring at Bai Xiaochun in disgust. She especially despised his sphere-like appearance with all the clothes and the black wok, which made it more obvi ous than ever that he feared death.

此刻冷哼一声，没再理会白小纯，向着冯炎一抱拳。
Snorting coldly, she completely ignored Bai Xiaochun and turned toward Feng Yan to clasp hands and bow .

“冯师兄，人已齐了，还请取出风行帆，早早完成了任务，也好尽快回来。”
“Elder Brother Feng, now that we're all here, please produce the windskiff. The sooner we get this mission done, the sooner we can come back.”

冯炎微微一笑，右手拍下了储物袋，立刻一道白光飞出，迎风见长，很快就在半空中化作了一艘两丈长短的白色舟船。
Feng Yan gave a slight smile, then slapped his bag of holding, causing a white beam of light to fly out. A blast of wind could be felt as the beam transformed into a small white ship, about six meters long.

阵阵灵力的波动从这舟船上散开，形成威压，颇为不俗。
Fluctuations of spiritual power emanated off of the ship, transforming into an extraordinary pressure.

“冯师兄，这是什么？” 白小纯看了后滋滋有声的打量起来，此物他还是首次看到，尤其是对于这舟船漂浮在半空，一看就是可以乘坐之物，更觉得不凡。
Bai Xiaochun looked it over and immediately blurted, “Elder Brother Feng, what’s that?” This was his first time seeing anything like this. As the ship hovered there in midair, it was obvious that it was some type of vehicle.

杜凌菲目中露出轻蔑，一旁的冯炎笑了笑。
Even as Du Lingfei’s eyes flickered with scorn, Feng Yan smiled.

“此物就是风行帆，我等外出执行任务，若是去的地方遥远，宗门会租给我们这种舟船，不需要消耗太多灵力就去操控，使用起来很方便，只是对灵石的耗费很大。”
“This is a windskiff. When missions require us to go some distance away from the sect, we can rent ships like this from the sect to make things easier. We can save some of our own spiritual power, at the cost of some spirit stones.”

冯炎说着，身体一跃跳起，落在了舟船内。
With that, he leaped up into the air and settled dow n into the ship.

杜凌菲紧随其后，白小纯也赶紧跳了上去，这舟船不大，里面的空间也不多，不过容纳三人还是绰绰有余，白小纯坐在最后面，摸摸这里，看看那边，越发觉得此物不错。
Du Lingfei quickly followed, as did Bai Xiaochun. The ship wasn't very big, and was somewhat cramped, but there was still plenty of room for the three of them. Bai Xiaochun sat down in the very back and began to study ship even more closely. The more he looked at it, the more he realized that it truly was an incredible item.

“等我以后，也弄一艘。”
“One of these days,” he murmured, “I’m going to get one of these for myself.”

白小纯自语道。 “你就是把自己给卖了，也买不起！” 杜凌菲看着白小纯一副土包子的模样，开口讥讽。
Seeing Bai Xiaochun looking like a complete country bumpkin, Du Lingfei couldn’t hold back from sarcastically remarking, “Even if you sold yourself into slavery you couldn't afford one!”

白小纯斜眼打量了下杜凌菲，闻言点了点头。
Bai Xiaochun looked over at Du Lingfei, measured her up, then .

“那把你卖了，估计就可以买了。”
“True. But if I sold you, I could definitely afford one.”

“你！”
“YOU!”

杜凌菲凤目一瞪，正要开口时，风行帆在冯炎的操控下，呼的一声化作长虹，直奔远处天边。
Du Lingfei’s phoenix-like eyes went wide, and she was just about to say something more when Feng Yan sent the windskiff flying off into the distance in a beam of prismatic light.

速度飞快，掀起了呼啸之音，不过却有一层光幕升起，阻挡了狂风，使得白小纯三人在这舟船里，虽可以听到外面的风声，但却不会有不适之感。 远远看去，舟船长虹渐渐消失在了天边。
As they sped along at top speed, whistling through the air, a shield sprang up around the ship, creating a barrier against the wind. Although they could hear the wind buffeting the shield, the inside of the ship was very calm.

与此同时，在香云山上，药师殿内，那位负责晋升药徒考核的徐长老，手中拿着一枚玉简，眉头微微皱了一下。
Meanwhile, back on Fragrant Cloud Peak, in the Journeyman Apothecary Hall, Elder Xu, who had been in charge of the promotion test, was looking at a jade slip and frowning slightly.

“执法堂竟绕开我香云山，强征白小纯去执行任务？”
“The Hall of Justice circumvented Fragrant Cloud Peak to force Bai Xiaochun into accepting an outside mission?”

徐长老仔细看了眼玉简，半晌后眉头松开，他看出这任务简单，虽有一定危险，可却不会伤及性命。
After examining the jade slip a bit further, his frown faded away. After examining the details of the mission, he realized that although there might be some danger involved, it was nothing deadly.


Then he thought about what Li Qinghou had mentioned about Bai Xiaochun’s personality.

“此子懒散惯了，略做小惩也可。”
“If the kid’s a bit lazy, then some punishment isn’t uncalled for.”

徐长老想起李青候临走前的嘱托以及所说白小纯的性格，于是放下玉简不在理会，继续炼药。
Finally, he put the jade slip dow n and continued to concoct medicine.

同一时间，青峰山上，内门弟子所在之地，其中一处洞府外，钱大金站在那里，遥望远去的舟船，脸上露出一抹阴冷之笑。
At the same time, Qian Dajin stood outside his immortal’s cave in the Inner Sect, watching the ship flying off into the distance, and a cold smile appeared on his face.

“以冯炎的修为，暗中坑杀这白小纯易如反掌，白小纯 你草木造诣是不错，可惜，你没有成长起来的可能了，此番，你必死无疑！”
“With Feng Yan’s cultivation base, secretly killing Bai Xiaochun should be as easy as flipping over his hand. Bai Xiaochun you might have exceptional skill with plants and vegetation, but unfortunately, you’ll never have a chance to do anything with it. You’re dead!”

钱大金目中深处，有一抹阴寒闪过，微微一笑，转身回了洞府。
A sinister gleam appeared deep within Qian Dajin’s eyes. Smiling, he turned and headed back into his immortal’s cave.

蓝天如洗，碧波万里，在这舟船上，白小纯虽然紧张，可依旧忍不住在看到大地于脚下变的渺小后，心神振奋。
The azure sky stretched out in all directions. Bai Xiaochun sat there on the ship, feeling somewhat nervous, but at the same time looking out excitedly as the scenery changed.

他探头向下看去，可以看到一座座山峰如剑，一条条山脉如龙，尤其是他看到了一条 惊天动地的大河！
Off in the distance he saw numerous mountain peaks that looked like swords sticking up into the sky, part of a mountain range that looked like a slumbering dragon. There was also a massive, shocking river!

“通天河 ”白小纯深吸口气，他成为外门弟子后，翻看了很多资料，知道整个修真界，实际上都是依靠这条通天河而修行。
“The Heavenspan River” he said, taking a deep breath. After becoming an Outer Sect disciple, he had done a lot of research, and had learned that the entire cultivation world relied on the Heavenspan River.

这条河，是一切灵气的根源所在。
It was actually the source of all spiritual energy.

故而但凡宗门，都会建立在靠近通天河的地方，而越是上游，灵气就越是浓郁。
That was why all of the sects were located in areas near it. Furthermore, the further you went into the Upper Reaches of the river, the stronger the spiritual energy was.

灵溪宗所在的地方，只能算是中游罢了，可尽管如此，也能屹立万年不倒，白小纯看到的资料里曾说，万年前的灵溪宗，不是在此地，而是在下游，是出了一位了不得的老祖，生生从下下游的无数宗门与修真家族中杀出，获得了上宗的赏识，这才具备了于中游开辟宗门的资格。
Although the Spirit Stream Sect was technically in the Lower Reaches, even that position had allowed them to stand strong and tall for ten thousand years. According to what Bai Xiaochun had read, the Spirit Stream Sect hadn’t always existed in its current position. It had previously been located in the delta region. But then an extraordinary patriarch had appeared among the countless sects and cultivator clans there.


After distinguishing himself in intense fighting, he gained the approval of a higher ranking sect, and thus earned the qualifications to establish his own sect in the Lower Reaches.

“据说在这通天河更上游的宗门，其强大的程度，数个灵溪宗都无法比较，而在源头，传说 还有更恐怖的宗门存在。”
“Suppos edly, the sects in the Upper Reaches of the Heavenspan River are so powerful that the Spirit Stream Sect can’t even compare to them. Furthermore, according to the legends there are even more terrifying sects at the source of the river.”

白小纯压下心中的激荡，他此刻出行，内心很是警惕。
Bai Xiaochun forced himself to calm down, and reminded himself that he needed to be extra careful in this mission.

这通天河就在下方不远处，河水金色，如海一样不断地翻滚流淌，河的另一边，有四座山峰冲天，灵气惊人。
Off in the distance, the Heavenspan River looked golden, almost like a huge churning sea. Furthermore, hugging the river were four towering mountain peaks.

“那里就应该是灵溪宗的北岸了。”
“That must be the north bank of the Spirit Stream Sect,” Bai Xiaochun thought.

白小纯遥望北岸的四座山峰，更是看到了灵溪宗的主峰，那座横跨通天河，形成的桥山！
Also visible was the main peak of the Spirit Stream Sect, which arched over the Heavenspan River like a huge bridge!

“种道山！”
“Mount Daoseed!”

白小纯当初被李青候带来时，也曾看到这些，只是那个时候他还是凡人，而眼下已是外门弟子，再次看去，感受截然不同。
Bai Xiaochun had actually seen all of this when Li Qinghou had first brought him to the Spirit Stream Sect. However, at that time he had been a mere mortal. Now that he was an Outer Sect disciple, he got a completely different feeling when looking at it.

舟船速度飞快，渐渐远离了宗门，顺着下方的那条滚滚流逝的通天河，直奔下游飞去。
The ship shot away from the sect at top speed, following the rippling water beneath as they headed deeper into the Lower Reaches.

“杜师妹，白师弟，想必你们也都看了任务，此次我们要去的地方，是在通天河下游的落星山脉，侯师弟最后一次传信，就是在那里，这落星山脉是我灵溪宗势力范围的边界了，山脉的另一头就是血溪宗的范围。”
“Junior Sister Du, Junior Brother Bai, I presume both of you have already examined the details of the mission,” Feng Yan said coolly, his voice so light that it was almost hard to hear. “We're heading to an area in the Lower Reaches of the Heavenspan River called the Fallenstar Mountains.

冯炎淡淡开口，声音在这舟船内被风声混淆，有些模糊不清。
Junior Brother Hou’s last message came from that area. The Fallenstar Mountains mark the boundary of the Spirit Stream Sect’s sphere of influence. The rest of the mountains count as the territory of the Blood S tream Sect.

“此行或许会有一定程度的危险，不过我等接下任务，也都有了心理准备，所以只要谨慎一些，也不会有什么大碍。”
“We might find ourselves in some danger on this mission. However, by preparing ourselves mentally, and also being as cautious as possible, we will likely avoid any major problems.

“只是我们要去的地方太远，灵石消耗不小，所以大多数时候还是走路吧，一些难以跨越的地方，再以此舟代步。”
“However, our final destination is quite a distance away, and will take quite a few spirit stones to get there. Most of our time on this mission will be spent traveling, but with our windskiff, we will be able to bypass some of the more difficult terrain.”

冯炎说完，目中深处有寒芒一闪，坐在前方闭上眼打坐。
With that, a cold gleam flickered in his eyes before he closed them in meditation.

杜凌菲不愿理会白小纯，靠着边，一样吐纳。
Du Lingfei ignored Bai Xiaochun and began to perform breathing exercises.

白小纯内心颇为警惕，虽盘膝打坐，可心底却始终在琢磨，眼前这两个人，到底谁才是钱大金派来的。
Bai Xiaochun felt more vigilant than ever. Despite also sitting cross-legged and closing his eyes, he was really pondering which among these two had been sent by Qian Dajin.

“杜凌菲的可能性最小 那么这冯炎，十有，就是他了！”
“It’s unlikely to be Du Lingfei,” he thought. “Which means there’s an eighty to ninety percent chance that it's Feng Yan!”

第四十八章 这个世界
0047 chapter-48

一天后，当舟船内的第一块灵石消耗没时，冯炎收了风行帆，三人在一处山顶落下，此刻是黄昏，远处天边可依稀看到夕阳落下，大地渐渐漆黑。
A day later, when the first spirit stone was completely used up, Feng Yan put the windskiff away, and the three of them stood atop a mountain peak under the evening sky, watching the sun slowly set over the horizon. Soon, darkness blanketed the lands.

山下一片丛林，有鸟兽之声时而传出，四周潮气很多。
At the foot of the mountain, the dense jungle echoed with the roars of animals and wild beasts. The air was very humid.

“过了这片森林，我们在休息好了，你们觉得呢。”
“After we get past this jungle, we can rest,” Feng Yan said coolly. “What do you two think?”

冯炎淡淡开口，看向杜凌菲与白小纯。
He looked at Du Lingfei and Bai Xiaochun.

“天都要黑了，这丛林里说不定有些凶兽，我们还是在以风行帆飞过去吧。” 白小纯提议道。
“It's dark,” Bai Xiaochun pointed out. “That jungle might have some dangerous wild beasts in it, why don’t we just fly over it with the windskiff?”

“要休息你自己休息，一片丛林而已。”
“Take a break on your own, if you want,” Du Lingfei said with a cold snort. “It’s just some trees.”

杜凌菲冷哼一声，看不惯白小纯这幅怕死的样子，身体一晃，当先冲出。
Not concealing her disdain for Bai Xiaochun’s fear of death, she flashed into motion, heading directly toward the jungle.

冯炎目中深处也有轻蔑闪过，可表面上却向白小纯笑了笑，一样向山下飞奔。
A glimmer of scorn stirred deep in Feng Yan’s eyes, but he smiled nonetheless and then shot dow n the mountain.

白小纯眉头紧锁，眼看二人如此，他叹了口气，更加警惕，随着二人身后，下了山，冲入丛林。
Bai Xiaochun frowned as he watched the two of them leaving. Finally he sighed, and followed them down the mountain toward the jungle, more vigilant than ever.

丛林内更为潮湿，甚至时而还可以看到一些沼泽，不时有各种鸟兽出没，可三人都是凝气修士，身体灵活，速度不慢，在这丛林内不断穿梭，渐渐向着深处前行。
The humidity increased when they entered the jungle, and there were even some spots which were marshes or bogs. Animals appeared occasionally, but these were three Qi Condensation cultivators. They didn't slow down at all as they proceeded along, gradually forging their way deeper and deeper into the jungle. Time passed.


Eventually, the night deepened.

时间流逝，天色慢慢暗了下来，明月高挂时，三人已走了小半，一路上没有遇到什么凶兽，很是顺利，看到白小纯在最后面，一副仿佛稍微有些动静，就会跳起来的模样，杜凌菲心中更为鄙夷。
By the time the moon rose, they were already about halfway to the other side. So far they hadn't encountered any fierce beasts. The trip had gone very smoothly. Bai Xiaochun was in the rear position, and even the slightest sound or movement would cause him to leap in fright.


Du Lingfei’s scorn grew stronger.

“小心！”
“Watch out!”

白小纯忽然开口，脚步停顿，神色内露出不安。
Bai Xiaochun suddenly blurted, stopping in place with a very uneasy expression on his face.

杜凌菲冷笑，正要讥讽。 可就在这时，突然的，四周有阵阵狂风扫来，在这风声中带着腥味，杜凌菲面色一变，抬头时立刻看到远处丛林间，出现了无数双眼睛。
Du Lingfei laughed coldly, and was just about to say something sarcastic when all of a sudden, a wild wind blasted toward them, along with an acrid odor. Du Lingfei’s face flickered, and she looked out into the jungle to see countless eyes staring back.

那些眼睛一个个都是赤红色的，几乎在看到这些眼睛的刹那，阵阵翅膀拍动的声音猛地传出，一只只巴掌大小，可却有两个头的蝙蝠，成群的飞了出来。
They were bright red, and in almost the exact same instant that she saw them, the sound of flapping wings could be heard. Numerous bats appeared, each one about the size of a hand, flying in their direction. “Two-headed bats!” exclaimed Feng Yan.

“双首蝠，它们的爪牙上有剧毒，溶血封候！”
“Their venom dries up the blood and seals the throat!

“分开走，在丛林的另一头的山顶聚集。”
Split up and meet at the mountain peak on the other side of the jungle.”

冯炎面色一变，立刻惊呼，身体一晃改变方向，速度竟一下子爆发。
Face flickering, Feng Yan burst into motion, heading off at top speed.

杜凌菲也双眼收缩，挥手时身前出现一张符纸，慢慢燃烧散出蓝光，化作一层光幕笼罩全身，一样速度快了起来，改变方向赶紧分开，回头时她愣了一下，发现本应该在最后的白小纯，此刻竟早就没了影子。
Du Lingfei’s pupils constricted, and she waved her hand in front of her, throwing out a paper talisman. As it burned, a blue light spread out, covering her with a shield and also increasing her speed. She picked another direction and sped off. Looking over her shoulder as she left, she was shocked to find that Bai Xiaochun had long since disappeared.

白小纯这里，早在之前风声出现的刹那，就瞬间后退，他性格喜欢稳妥，更是心细如发，故而对于危险，有种超乎于常人的敏锐。
Bai Xiaochun had begun fleeing as soon as the wind kicked up. Of course, Bai Xiaochun was very careful and perceptive, and was extremely attuned to danger.

此刻后退时，那些来临的蝙蝠，嗡的一声，竟分成了三股，分别追向三人。
Even as he fled, the bats approached, causing a droning sound to fill the air. They quickly split up into three groups, which began to pursue the three disciples.

丛林内，冯炎嘴角露出冷笑，快速把手中一截香收走，之所以会出现这些蝙蝠，正是此香导致，而选择在这里停顿，穿梭丛林，也正是因为他曾经一次外出执行任务，察觉到这片丛林内，有这种双首蝙蝠。
A cold smile appeared on Feng Yan’s face as he sped through the jungle, and he quickly put away the stick of incense that he had just been holding. That stick of incense was what had attracted the bats, and was also why he had chosen to pass through this jungle on the way to their mission. He had sensed that this would be a likely location to contain two-headed bats.

“任何一只，都有不弱于凝气三层的修为，白小纯，不要怨我，是有人要让你死。”
“The weakest of them are at the third level of Qi Condensation. Bai Xiaochun, don’t blame me that someone wants you dead.”

冯炎淡淡一笑，一拍储物袋，取出一根黑色的木头，微微一吹，这木头燃烧，散出黑烟，顿时他身后追来的那些蝙蝠，一个个发出尖锐之声，似对此烟颇为厌恶，一哄而散。
Laughing coldly, he slapped his bag of holding to produce a woode n stick. After blowing a breath of air onto the stick, it ignited with black flames that caused the bats to let out piercing shrieks. Apparently, they hated those flames, and thus instantly dispersed.

冯炎笑了笑，很轻松的向前走去，渐渐消失。
Feng Yan smiled and then continued onward, feeling much more at ease.

丛林内，白小纯速度飞快，他身后那些蝙蝠呼啸追击，可任凭这些蝙蝠如何加速，都始终追不上白小纯，没过多久，就被白小纯彻底的拉开了距离，时而剑光一闪，就有一只蝙蝠发出尖锐之声，掉了下来。
As for Bai Xiaochun, he was speeding along through the jungle being pursued by numerous bats. However, the bats couldn’t match his speed, and before long, there was quite a distance between the two of them. Occasionally, a beam of sword light would flash out, and a bat would scream and fall out of the air.

白小纯一路小跑，一炷香后停顿下来，看了眼身后，眉头却皱起。
Bai Xiaochun ran along, and after enough time had passed for an incense stick to burn, he looked over his shoulder and frowned.

“这些蝙蝠来的蹊跷啊。”
“It sure was strange for all those bats to suddenly show up,” he thought.

白小纯沉吟中顺着原路回去，捡起了一只被他以飞剑灭杀的蝙蝠，仔细的看了看后，忽然眼睛一亮。
He walked back a bit and found one of the bats he had killed with a flying sword, and after examining it closely, his eyes gleamed.

“这不是双首蝠，这是紫纹蝠，虽一样有毒，可牙齿却是炼制二阶灵药燃血香的主要材料！”
“These aren’t ordinary two-headed bats, they’re violetvein bats! They’re just as venomous, but they’re different from common two-headed bats in that their fangs are the main ingredient for the tier-2 spirit medicine Bloodbu rning

“这种材料在宗门内，五十个贡献点才可以换取一份。”
Incense! “Back in the sect, you can sell fangs like this for fifty merit points apiece.”

白小纯立刻惊喜，这是灵兽第五篇的内容，能认出者不多。
Bai Xiaochun was immediately delighted. Not very many people would recognize that these bats were actually listed in the fifth volume of spirit creatures.

他心动之下，赶紧搜集蝙蝠的尸体，没过多久就找到了十多只，纷纷拔下牙齿后，他颇为心动。
Feeling very excited, he began to collect the corpses of the bats. It didn’t take long before he had ten bats, from which he began to extract the fangs.

“这蝙蝠很弱的样子 ”白小纯呵呵一笑，身体外防护光幕出现，在这丛林内开始寻找起来，很快就有一群紫纹蝠发现了他，呼啸而来。
“These bats aren’t that strong after all” he said, chuckling. Soon, a shield sprang up around him, and he began to search through the jungle. Before long, an entire group of violetvein bats was flying toward him.

白小纯右手掐诀，飞剑速度刹那暴增，直奔蝙蝠而去，速度太快，那些蝙蝠还没等靠近，一个个发出凄厉的尖叫，纷纷被穿透，掉落下来，即便有几只临近，可却一头撞在白小纯身体外的防护光幕上，被弹起老高。
He quickly performed an incantation gesture with his right hand, sending a flying sword bursting out toward the bats. Its speed was incredible, and before they could even get close to him, miserable shrieks filled the air, and numerous bats began to fall to the ground. The few that made it past the sword slammed into his shield and were sent spinning away. Bai Xiaochun collected the dead bats.

白小纯上前全部收起，发现的的确确没有任何危险，更为放心了，昂首挺胸，再次寻找。
Realizing that he was actually in no danger, he felt more at ease than ever. Puffing his chest out proudly, he continued to search through the jungle.

就这样，他一个人在这丛林内，不断地寻找中，搜集的牙齿越来越多
It was in that fashion that he made his way along, collecting more and more fangs

两个时辰后，冯炎离开了这片丛林，去了约定好的山峰，盘膝坐在那里，嘴角带着微笑，默默等待。
Four hours later, Feng Yan made his way out of the jungle to the appointed meeting spot on the mountain peak. There, he sat down cross-legged, a slight smile on his face as he waited.

又过去了一个时辰，杜凌菲满身狼狈的冲出，她心有余悸的回头看了一眼漆黑的丛林，赶紧离去，到了山顶后看到了冯炎，目光一扫，没有发现白小纯。
Another two hours passed, and Du Lingfei shot out from the trees, looking very bedraggled. As she sped up the mountain, she looked back anxiously at the dark jungle. Eventually, she reached Feng Yan, and realized that Bai Xiaochun was nowhere to be seen.

“白小纯还没来？” 她问了一句。
“Bai Xiaochun hasn’t come out yet?” she asked.


Feng Yan sighed and shook his head.

“白师弟自求多福吧，可惜这丛林内的双首蝠在夜里最是活跃，我们若再冲进去，怕是自身难保。”
“I wish Junior Brother Bai all the best. Unfortunately, two-headed bats are most active at night. If we go back in looking for him, we would be in a lot of danger.”

冯炎轻叹一声，苦笑摇头，为了逼真一些，他索性没有休息，而是摆出紧张担心的样子，目不转睛的望着下方丛林。
In order to make things look even more realistic, he didn't rest, but instead craned his neck anxiously toward the jungle, as if he were waiting for Bai Xiaochun to appear.

杜凌菲沉默，她虽厌恶白小纯，可还不至于到那种希望白小纯死的程度，毕竟是同门，此刻盘膝坐下，遥望下方的丛林，许久之后，轻叹一声。
Du Lingfei maintained her silence. Although she hated Bai Xiaochun, she didn’t hate him so much that she wished him dead. After all, they were fellow members of the same sect. Finally, she sat down cross-legged and looked dow n at the jungle, sighing.

时间流逝，很快天亮了。
Time passed, and soon it was almost dawn.

等了一夜，杜凌菲始终不见白小纯出现，心底多少已有了一些预感。
After waiting through the entire night without seeing Bai Xiaochun, Du Lingfei was getting a very uneasy feeling.


Feng Yan rose to his feet.


After having stayed up the entire night, his eyes were bloods hot as he looked dejectedly toward the jungle.

“至今还没出来，白小纯怕是 凶多吉少了。”
“If he hasn’t appeared by now, I'm afraid it means that Bai Xiaochun has met with disaster.

“都怪我，若不是我提出走这片丛林，白师弟也不会 唉。”
It's all my fault. If I hadn’t suggested to go through the jungle, Junior Brother Bai wouldn’t have ai.”

冯炎起身，一夜没休息，他目中已有了血丝，神色悲愤，望着丛林。
“Elder Brother Feng, don’t blame yourself,” Du Lingfei said.

“冯师兄不要自责，我们也没想到这里居然会有双首蝠，或许白小纯还没死，即便是真的死了，我们身为同门，也有把他的尸体带走！”
“Who would ever have thought that there would be two-headed bats in this place? Maybe Bai Xiaochun isn't dead yet. Besides, if he is dead, then as fellow disciples, we should go retrieve his corpse!”

杜凌菲心底有些复杂，她也不知道是什么个情绪，想起白小纯的样子，虽然还是厌恶，可更多的却是不忍，毕竟二人之间，没有什么过深的仇恨。
She was unsure of exactly what sort of emotions she was experiencing, which was a very strange sensation. Although Bai Xiaochun annoyed her, she somehow felt disturbed. After all, there was no deep grudge between the two of them. Feng Yan sighed and seriously.

“杜师妹说的是，无论如何，我们也不能放弃。”
“You’re right, Junior Sister Du. No matter what has happened, we can’t give up on him.”

冯炎深吸口气，凝重的点了点头，二人正要下山去寻找。
With that, the two of them prepared to head back down the mountain to begin the search.

可就在这时，他们立刻就看到山下的丛林内，白小纯打了个哈气，晃晃悠悠的走了出来，甚至在走出时，还伸了个懒腰。
However, it was only a moment later that they caught sight of Bai Xiaochun strolling out from within the trees, yawning. As soon as he was out of the jungle itself, he stretched lazily.

杜凌菲睁大了眼，一旁的冯炎更是目中露出不可思议，呆呆的看着白小纯很是轻松的顺着山路，渐渐走了上来。
Du Lingfei’s eyes went wide, and Feng Yan almost couldn’t believe what he was seeing as Bai Xiaochun casually began to walk up the mountain path.

尤其是对方的样子，仿佛是睡了一顿很好的觉，精神振奋的模样，反倒是他们二人，这一夜没怎么休息，略有疲惫。
He almost looked like he had just woken up from a good night’s sleep. He seemed excited and energetic, as oppos ed to Feng Yan and Du Lingfei, who were weary from a night without rest.

不多时，白小纯上了山，看到二人后，连忙跑了过来，打了声招呼。
Soon, Bai Xiaochun was at the top of the mountain. When he caught sight of Feng Yan and Du Lingfei, he hurried over and called out, “Good morning!

“早啊，冯师兄，杜师姐，这丛林里太可怕了，我小命差点就没了。”
Elder Brother Feng, Elder Sister Du, that jungle is way too scary! I almost lost my little life.”

白小纯的确休息的很好，他几乎把这丛林内所有的蝙蝠都干掉了，不但收获很大，最后还在蝙蝠的山洞里，美美的睡了一觉。
Bai Xiaochun truly had rested well that night. After clearing the entire jungle of bats, not only had he profited handsomely, he'd found the bats’ cave, where he had experienced wonderful night of sleep.

杜凌菲面色难看，盯着白小纯，冷哼一声，看到对方的样子，又想起自己之前的复杂不忍，她忽然觉得这白小纯更可恶了。
An unsightly expression could be seen on Du Lingfei’s face as she glared at Bai Xiaochun. Snorting coldly, she thought back to the complicated feelings she had felt, and suddenly felt even more annoyed with Bai Xiaochun.

冯炎目中深处有寒芒一闪，但表面上却露出喜悦。
A cold glitter passed through Feng Yan’s eyes, although his expression was one of joy.

“白师弟没事就好，我们担心了一晚。”
“Junior Brother Bai! I'm so glad to see you safe. We worried about you the entire night.”

白小纯呵呵一笑，看似如常，可他的目中深处，一样有寒芒闪过。
Bai Xiaochun chuckled, and although his expression seemed normal, deep within his eyes, a cold gleam flickered.

不久，三人继续赶路，没有乘坐舟船，经过此事后，白小纯建议夜晚舟船飞行，白天徒步，杜凌菲也少见的没有反对，冯炎略一思索，点了点头。
Soon, the three of them were on their way again, seated in the ship. Considering what had just happened, Bai Xiaochun suggested that they fly on the ship at night and proceed along on foot during the day. In rare fashion, Du Lingfei agreed, and as for Feng Yan, after a moment of thought, he .

三人慢慢远去，顺着通天河，向着下游疾驰。
Thus, they proceeded along down the Heavenspan River as they headed through the Lower Reaches.

时间慢慢过去，很快就是一个月。
A month passed.

这一个月，是白小纯这小半辈子，走过的最多路了，他看到了一座又一座大山，看到了一片又一片丛林，四周荒无人烟，整个天地如同蛮荒。
This was the farthest Bai Xiaochun had ever traveled in his entire life. He saw numerous mountains and jungles, places where there was no sign of human habitation at all, and everything was like a huge wilderness.

一次，他们三人正赶路时，突然大地颤抖，白小纯骇然的发现，在远处的一片山脉之间，居然有一个全身长着无数毛发的巨人，缓缓的一步步走过，这巨人每一次脚步落下，地面都在震动。
At one point in their travels, the ground began to quake, and Bai Xiaochun looked off into the distant mountains to see something completely astonishing. It was an enormous giant covered in thick fur, which caused the ground to shudder with each step it took.

这种巨人，让白小纯倒吸口气。
The sight of the giant caused Bai Xiaochun to gasp.

还有一次夜里，他们的舟船正在飞行，突然远处闪电轰鸣，白小纯看到了一只 足有香云山大小的巨禽，呼啸而过，无数的闪电在它身上游走，在夜里看起来极为惊人。
One night when they were flying along, lightning crashed off in the distance, and Bai Xiaochun saw an enormous bird that was just as large as Fragrant Cloud Peak. As it whistled along through the air, countless bolts of lightning danced across its body . The mere sight of such a creature flying along in the middle of the night was completely astonishing.

而最让白小纯记忆深刻的，是他们在一个白天，看到了一个四肢短小，可头颅却如小山一般的凶兽，在通天河的岸边，被一条足有万丈长的金色鳄鱼，从通天河内一跃而出，一口将这凶兽吞噬，冰冷的目光，还遥遥的看了一眼躲在远处，被这一幕骇然的白小纯三人。
The most memorable thing Bai Xiaochun saw was during the daytime when he caught sight of a beast on the south bank of the river. It had four stumpy legs, and a head as huge as a mountain. Suddenly, a huge 30,000- meter golden crocodile burst out from within the Heavenspan River and gobbled up the first creature. As the crocodile sank back down into the water, it cast a cold glance at Bai Xiaochun and the others.

仅仅一眼，三人全部脑海嗡鸣，嘴角溢出鲜血，头痛欲裂数日，才勉强恢复。
That single glance caused their minds to reel, and blood to ooze out of the corners of their mouths. Splitting pain tore at their eyes, and it took a long moment for them to recover.

“太可怕了，外面，太可怕了！” 白小纯浑身哆嗦，一连嘀咕了好久。
Bai Xiaochun shivered and then muttered, “Terrifying. The outside is so terrifying!”

第四十九章 落陈家族
0048 chapter-49

冯炎尽管多次外出任务，可这么遥远的一次，还是从未有过，见识了那一幕幕后，他也都头皮发麻，更不用说杜凌菲了。
Although Feng Yan had been on many missions outside the sect, this was his first time traveling so far away. Even his scalp numbed after what had just happened, let alone Du Lingfei, who was petrified.

好在一路上遇到的所有这样强悍的生物，对于他们都没有发起任何攻击，最多只是看一眼而已，似乎他们身上有什么气息，不会引起这些生物的反感。
Thankfully, none of the incredibly powerful creatures they encountered showed any interest in attacking them. At the most, they would look over curiously. Apparently, the auras cast off by the group of three caused such creatures steer clear of them.

白小纯猜测或许是因为他们是灵溪宗的弟子，而这里 无尽方圆的范围内，毕竟是属于灵溪宗的势力笼罩。
Bai Xiaochun got the feeling that it was because they were disciples of the Spirit Stream Sect. Although this area was far away from the sect, it was still within their sphere of influence.


Despite the fear the group felt, they continued onward.

就这样三人在这惊颤中，不断地前行，每个月都会在固定的日子，给宗门传信所在方位，直至两个月后，终于来到了灵溪宗的势力边界，落星山脉。
After the first month of travel, they made contact with the sect on a pre-appointed day, informing them of their current location. The same thing happened after the second month. It was around that time that they reached the area in the Fallenstar Mountains which was the border of the Spirit Stream Sect’s territory.

途中，冯炎不是不想再暗中出手，可这一路的各种震撼，让他这里也没了心情，整日心惊胆战，再加上白小纯颇为谨慎，总是靠近杜凌菲，让他这里顾忌太多，找不到机会下手，于是始终隐忍。
Along the way, Feng Yan had considered making a secret strike against Bai Xiaochun, but the things he was seeing along the journey left him unnerved. He was in no mood for fighting, and when you coupled that with how cautious Bai Xiaochun was being, and how close he stuck to Du Lingfei, Feng Yan was simply too apprehensive, and couldn't find a chance to make his move.


In the end, he was forced to simply bide his time.

此刻到了落星山脉，冯炎望向白小纯时，目中有外人察觉不到的阴芒闪过。
When Feng Yan looked at Bai Xiaochun, an imperceptibly sinister flicker could be seen in his eyes.

“这是铁了心要弄死我啊 多大的仇啊。”
“So, he's really determined to kill me, huh” Bai Xiaochun thought, eyes narrowing.

白小纯心底发愁，他心细如发，眯起小眼睛，对于冯炎的心思，已了如指掌。
“Hates me that much” Bai Xiaochun was getting worried. He was a perceptive person, and was now very sure of what was going on in Feng Yan’s head.

落星山脉是一片南北纵横的山峦之地，放眼看去望不到尽头，如同一条龙蛇趴伏，好似将大地分割。
The Fallenstar Mountains formed a mountain range that swept from north to south. They looked endless, like an enormous sleeping dragon that split apart the lands.

甚至远远一看，仿佛山脉另一边的天空都与这里不大一样，隐隐出现血色。
In fact, even the sky looked different above the mountains, almost as if it were tinged with blood.

传说中，在不知多少年前，有一颗星辰从天外落下，轰在了此地，使得地面坍塌，可却有一部分高高鼓起，这才形成了这一片山脉。
According to the legends, many years ago, a star had fallen from the skies and slammed into the earth, causing some of the lands to collapse, and other parts to rise up into the form of this mountain range.

其内丛林弥漫，凶兽众多，但也有各种珍稀草木，使得此地虽充满危机，可总是会有修士冒险闯入。
The mountains were covered with dense jungle and filled with wild beasts. However, numerous rare types of plants and vegetation could be found there. Because of that, there were always cultivators willing to go in and brave the danger, however terrifying it might seem.

“这里就是落星山脉了。”
“These are the Fallenstar Mountains,” Du Lingfei said.

杜凌菲缓缓开口，这一路所遇，让她倍感疲惫，此刻终于到了目的地，她心底也松了口气。
The long journey had left her exhausted, so to catch sight of their final destination after all this time caused her to sigh with relief.

“侯师弟最后一次与宗门联系，标记就是这片区域。” 冯炎一拍储物袋，手中多出了一个罗盘般的法器。
“The last messages sent to the sect by Junior Brother Hou came from this area,” Feng Yan said, producing a magical device from his bag of holding a Feng Shui compass.

这法器上有一根针，此刻正飞速的转动。
The Feng Shui compass had a silver needle on it, which was currently spinning around in circles.

“按照宗门的规定，外出的弟子每个月都要把所在的方位传给宗门，这灵溪盘可以让我们找到侯师弟最后一次传出方位的地点。”
“According to sect rules, disciples on outside missions are suppos ed to notify the sect of their location every month. This Spirit Stream Compass should help us locate Junior Brother Hou’s last known position.”

他正说着，手中的罗盘指针忽然一顿，指去一个方向。
Even as he spoke, the silver needle on the Feng Shui compass suddenly pointed off in one particular direction.

“找到了！”
“Got it!”

冯炎身体一晃，直奔前方，杜凌菲也神色一动，跟随而去。
Feng Yan said, flashing into motion. Du Lingfei’s expression flickered as she followed along behind him.

白小纯望着眼前这片落星山脉，此地草木成林，无边无际如一片林海，时而有鸟兽之声传出，甚至遥遥的还可以听到一些从深处传出的凶兽低吼。
Bai Xiaochun looked out over the Fallenstar Mountains, and the thick vegetation which covered them. It was like a sea of plants, within which could be heard the cries of various beasts. Even the occasional roar echoed out.

白小纯神色凝重，激发玉佩的防护之光，确保任何风吹草动自己都会第一时间察觉后，这才小心翼翼的前行，与冯炎保持一定的距离。
Bai Xiaochun had a very serious expression on his face as he activated the shield from his jade pendant. With that in place, not even the slightest breeze would get past him unnoticed. Only then did he cautiously follow after Feng

冯炎与杜凌菲前行时没有丝毫停顿，在这落星山脉内疾驰，速度飞快，渐渐深入一片山谷中，此地树木众多，且这些树木一看就有不少年头，纵横交错，乍一看如同一条条蟒蛇，每隔一段就有一个鼓起的结包，若是夜晚，定然让人触目惊心。
Yan. Feng Yan and Du Lingfei proceeded along without pausing for a moment, speeding along through the Fallenstar Mountains until they found themselves deep in a valley. The valley was filled with trees that had been growing together for so many years that their branches were all interlocked. The knotted and gnarled bark added to the effect, if it were nighttime, the entire scene would be extremely terrifying.

一个时辰后，三人在这山谷的深处，猛的停顿，冯炎低头看着手中的罗盘，上面的指针清晰的指着一旁的一颗需要十人环抱的大树。
After proceeding along through the valley for two hours, they suddenly came to a stop. Feng Yan looked down at the Feng Shui compass, the needle of which was pointing toward a tree with a trunk so wide that ten people could circle around it with arms extended. Feng Yan looked at Bai Xiaochun and then pointed toward the huge tree.

“白师弟，你去查看一下。”
“Junior Brother Bai, please go investigate.”

冯炎看向白小纯，一指那颗大树。
Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a moment, then looked the tree over.

白小纯迟疑了一下，仔细的打量了那颗大树，确定无碍后，右手一按腰上的玉佩，顿时本就覆盖全身上下的青光，更浓郁了一些，甚至还取出了一些符纸贴在身上，这才三步一停的慢慢靠近那颗大树。
Seeing nothing initially suspicious, he tapped the jade pendant hanging at his waist, causing the green shield to grow a bit stronger. He also placed some paper talismans onto his body before finally edging closer.

“这么怕死，还来修行！”
“So afraid of dying, and yet you still want to practice cultivation?”

杜凌菲冷哼一声，她本就对白小纯厌恶，这一路上虽然自己也多次惊险，可白小纯那里的表现，每一次都仿佛怕死到了极致，如今到了目的地，竟还是如此，让她越看越不顺眼。
Du Lingfei gave a cold harrumph. She have never liked Bai Xiaochun, so even though she herself was afraid of the dangers they had witnessed, to see him so incredibly terrified of dying made her look dow n on him even more.

白小纯没时间理会杜凌菲，谨慎的靠近了这颗大树后，拿出一把飞剑，去扒开了树皮，看出了一块似新长出的区域，将其豁开，发现了里面藏着一枚玉简。
Bai Xiaochun didn’t have the time to worry about Du Lingfei. Cautiously approaching the tree, he noticed a portion of bark that seemed to have grown recently. Taking out a flying sword, he cut away that portion of the tree and found that a jade slip was hidden inside.

将这玉简慢慢的取出后，白小纯神识一扫，面色微变，扔给了冯炎。
After removing the jade slip from the tree, Bai Xiaochun scanned it with divine sense, whereupon his expression flickered, and he tossed the slip over to Feng Yan.

玉简内只有一句没头没尾的话。
Within that jade slip was a single fragment of information.

“我查出了一些别的线索，要去落陈家族印证 ”
I found some other clues, and I’m going to the Luochen Clan to get proof

冯炎看后，皱起眉头，又将玉佩扔给了杜凌菲，杜凌菲看完后，一样皱眉，沉吟起来。
After looking at it for a moment, Feng Yan frowned, and then handed the jade slip to Du Lingfei. Du Lingfei looked at it, whereupon her expression turned grim.

“落陈家族 ”半晌后，杜凌菲喃喃低语，转头遥望落星山脉的更深处。
“The Luochen Clan” she murmured after a long moment. Then she turned to stare deeper into the Fallenstar Mountains.

落星山脉很大，资源众多，这样一个地方，又属于灵溪宗范围，且还是与血溪宗的交界处，灵溪宗自然安排人来守护，这守护的家族，就是 落陈家族。
These mountains were very large, and filled with numerous natural resources. Considering that this place was on the very edge of Spirit Stream Sect territory, where it bordered with the territory of the Blood Stream Sect, it was only natural that the Spirit Stream Sect would have the area guarded. Those guards were none other than the Luochen Clan.

落陈家族族人不少，驻守在这落星山脉已有千年，每一代都有筑基老祖存在，无论是震慑还是守护，都已足够。
The Luochen Clan was a relatively large clan, which had stood guard in the Fallenstar Mountains for a thousand years. Every generation of the clan had Foundation Establishment patriarchs.


Generally speaking, the mere threat posed by such people was more than enough to help them in their duties of guardianship.

白小纯三人的任务中甚至还有交代，若遇危险，可与落陈家族联系。
In fact, the mission instructions even said to make contact with the Luochen Clan if they ran into any danger.

但此刻侯云飞的玉简，居然指向落陈家族，而且似乎 他是在去落陈家族印证某些事情时，从此失踪。
However, Hou Yunfei’s jade slip seemed to indicate that the Luochen Clan was where he had been heading to find some sort of evidence. After that was when he lost contact.

“你们觉得呢，我们要不要去这落陈家族看一看？”
“What do you guys think?” Feng Yan asked. “Should we go check out the Luochen Clan?”

冯炎目光看似随意的扫了白小纯一眼，望向杜凌菲。
Feng Yan glanced over casually at Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei.

“冯师兄，杜师姐，找到这枚玉简，我们的任务已算完成了 安全为主，何必多此一举。”
Bai Xiaochun immediately said, “Elder Brother Feng, Elder Sister Du, having found this jade slip, our mission is complete We should put safety first. What’s the point in going on?”

白小纯赶紧开口，目光看向四周，此地让他感觉有些压抑。
This entire place made Bai Xiaochun feel as if an invisible pressure was weighing dow n on him.

杜凌菲迟疑了一下，如果这么就回去了，她琢磨着贡献点只能获得基础，可若是调查出的线索再多一些，那么贡献点也会更多。
Du Lingfei hesitated for a moment. If they went back now, they would only be able to acquire the minimum amount of merit points. However, if they investigated further, they might be able to get more.

冯炎眼看杜凌菲迟疑，眉头微微一皱，若就这么回去了，他担心找不到机会弄死白小纯，于是平静开口。
Feng Yan could see that Du Lingfei was hesitating, and he frowned, thinking about how going back now might reduce the chances he had to kill Bai Xiaochun.

“我的想法是去这落陈家族看一看，既然来了，怎么也不能这么离去，问清楚侯师弟到底发生了什么意外，况且说不定也可让落陈家族的人帮助搜寻，这样的话，我们获得的贡献点也会多了不少。”
After a moment, he said, “I think we should go to the Luochen Clan and look around. We've come all the way here, how could we simply go back now? After we find out exactly what befell Junior Brother Hou, we might even be able to get help from the Luochen Clan in finding him. If we do, we’ll be rewarded with many more merit points.

“况且 此行我们只要不进入落星山脉的深处，只是在边缘，也没有什么危险，至于那落星家族，哼，我灵溪宗范围内所有的修真家族，他们的血脉内都有灵溪宗的印记，生生世世都无法背叛，怎么敢对我们无礼。”
“Furthermore as long as we don’t go into the depths of the Fallenstar Mountains, we should be relatively safe. Besides, if you’re worried about the Luochen Clan, don’t forget that all of the cultivator clans in Spirit Stream Sect territory have special seals placed into their blood, making it impossible for them to turn traitor.


How could they possibly treat us with any disrespect?”

冯炎语速缓慢，说完后望着杜凌菲。
After he finished speaking, Feng Yan looked over slowly at Du Lingfei.

杜凌菲点了点头，心底觉得冯炎所说有道理。
She . After all, what he said made sense. “Very well.

“好，我们就去这落陈家族看一看，说不定侯师兄是离开落陈家族后，才意外失踪。”
We’ll go to the Luochen Clan to look around. Who knows, maybe Junior Brother Hou left the Luochen Clan, and then went missing.”

看到杜凌菲同意，冯炎笑了笑，看先白小纯时，目中深处有一抹冰寒闪过。
Seeing that she had agreed, Feng Yan smiled. Then he turned to look at Bai Xiaochun, and his gaze grew a bit colder.

“既已完成任务，又何必节外生枝？” 白小纯皱起眉头。
Frowning, Bai Xiaochun asked “We accomplished the mission, why let ourselves get dragged into side issues?”

“你若怕死，就别跟着了。” 杜凌菲没有理会白小纯，转身一晃，直奔前方。
“If you’re so scared, then just don’t come with us,” Du Lingfei said, turning a cold shoulder to Bai Xiaochun as she headed off.

“白师弟，冯某此番也负责任务的考核，我三人同进同退，你若不去的话，回到宗门后，会让我很难做。”
“Junior Brother Bai,” Feng Yan said, “I'm responsible for evaluating our performance on this task. We're suppos ed to make our decisions unanimously. If you don’t come with us, it will make it hard to make my evaluation.”

冯炎似笑非笑的看着白小纯，一样向前走去，他断定白小纯一定会跟上来，否则的话，有杜凌菲作证，自己给他一个玩忽职守的评论，单单执法堂那一关，他就过不去。
With an enigmatic smile, he began to follow Du Lingfei. In his opinion, Bai Xiaochun was sure to come along. If he didn’t, Du Lingfei would be able to corroborate the fact that the had committed dereliction of duty.


When that happened, the Hall of Justice surely wouldn’t let things slide.

白小纯面色阴沉，血液流动都快了起来，看向冯炎的背影时，目中渐渐出现了血丝，他虽怕死，可也渐渐明白，如今只有自己反客为主，先解决了这冯炎，才是最稳妥的办法。
Bai Xiaochun’s face darkened, and his blood be gan to surge through his veins as he stared with bloods hot eyes at Feng Yan walking away. He might be afraid of death, but as of this point, he was coming to the conclusion that he needed to take control of the situation. Only by settling things with Feng Yan could he ensure that his own position was stable.

“冯炎，这是你逼我的！”
“Feng Yan, you’re forcing my hand!” he thought.

白小纯站在那里沉默数息，最后低头一晃，冲了出去，跟在冯炎与杜凌菲身后，三人渐渐消失在了丛林中。
After standing there reticently for a few breaths of time, he bowed his head for a moment, then strode forward to follow Du Lingfei and Feng Yan. Soon, they disappeared into the jungle.

两个时辰后，在三人不间断的赶路下，天色已是黄昏，随着远处夕阳落下，丛林内也慢慢暗了下来。
Four hours later, they were still hurrying along. Evening was falling, and the sun was setting, ensuring that the jungle was slowly getting darker and darker.

“到了！”
“We’re here!”

冯炎忽然开口，三人脚步一顿，抬头时都看到了在他们的前方，树木渐少，地面有不少青石，铺展成了一片区域。
Feng Yan suddenly said. The three of them stopped walking and looked off into the jungle. Up ahead, the trees thinned out, and numerous limestone boulders could be seen protruding out of the ground.

在这区域中，有几个四合院，组成了一个不小的宅子，看起来可以居住数百人的样子，只是此刻明明还是黄昏，本应是一个家族里最热闹的时候，可偏偏这宅子内一片漆黑，寂静无声，仿佛与夜色融在了一起，给人一种荒凉之感。
A large number of courtyard houses were visible, which were organized into the larger form of a mansion that could apparently house hundreds of people. At this time of evening, a clan would normally be at its most active, but unexpectedly, the mansion was completely dark and quiet. Considering the darkness of the sky, the entire place seemed almost abandoned.

唯有大门前挂着的两个灯笼，发出昏暗的光，四周没有风，可这两个灯笼却轻轻摇摆，使得灯笼下竖在门前的两尊石狮，神情阴暗不定。
The only light provided was by two lanterns which hung at the main gate. Even though there was no wind, the two lanterns swayed back and forth, casting flickering shadows onto the guardian stone lions beneath them.

这一幕，让冯炎与杜凌菲，都神色一变。
The scene caused Feng Yan and Du Lingfei’s faces to flicker.

至于白小纯，他在看到这宅子的刹那，他的心中猛地升起危机感，仿佛全身每一块血肉都在向他发出尖叫。
As for Bai Xiaochun, as soon as he laid eyes on the mansion, a feeling of impending danger rose up in his heart. It felt like every inch of flesh on his body wanted to scream.

“有些不对劲 ”冯炎也内心咯噔一声，可他话语还没说完。
“Something’s off about” Feng Yan said, his heart thumping.

突然的，吱嘎一声，宅子的大门，缓缓的打开，一股阴风吹出，依稀间，似有一个身影，无声无息出现在了门内。
However, before he could even finish speaking, the main gate slammed open, and a vile wind blew out. At the same time, a figure emerged noiselessly through the gate.

第五十章 诡异庭院
0049 chapter-50

在这宅子大门打开的刹那，杜凌菲三人立刻警惕的看去，白小纯心底紧张，更是拿出一大把符纸贴在身前，全身噼里啪啦的一顿乱响。
The courtyard gate opened, and Du Lingfei, Feng Yan and Bai Xiaochun were completely on guard as they peered inside. Bai Xiaochun was so nervous that he started slapping paper talismans all over himself.

那出现的身影，手中提着一个灯笼，站在打开的大门内，整个身子似与黑暗融合在一起，幽幽的望着三人。
The figure which had just appeared held a lantern in its hand, and stood i n the opened gate, wreathed in shadows as it gazed at the three of them.

“三位暮色中来我落陈家族，不知有何事。”
“Why, might I ask, have the three of you come to the Luochen Clan on this dark evening?”

在那灯笼昏暗的光芒中，三人依稀看清这是一个青年，他目光平静，面色苍白，仿佛没有任何血色，穿着一身青色的长袍。
The flickering light of the lantern just barely revealed a young man, standing there looking at them calmly. He wore a long, green robe, and his face was pale and devoid of any color of blood.

看到有人出现，冯炎与杜凌菲都松了口气，之前的那种此地阴森的感觉虽然还在，可却少了很多。
After seeing that it was a person who had appeared, Feng Yan and Du Lingfei breathed sighs of relief. Somehow, the creepy feeling they had experienced moments ago had subsided a bit.

“这位道友，我等三人是灵溪宗弟子，此番拜访，有要事问询。” 冯炎抱拳开口。
Feng Yan clasped hands and said, “Hello, Fellow Daoist. We are disciples of the Spirit Stream Sect, paying a visit to ask a few questions.”

杜凌菲这才注意到白小纯身上那一层层防护光幕，眉头皱起。
By this point, Du Lingfei had noticed the numerous shields which were flickering around Bai Xiaochun, and her brow furrowed in response.

白小纯没注意杜凌菲，他也不知为什么，这宅子也好，走出的青年也罢，都让他有强烈的危机感。
Bai Xiaochun didn’t notice Du Lingfei’s look. For some reason, the fact that a young man had appeared hadn’t caused his sensation of intense danger to lessen at all.

“原来是灵溪宗的道友，那么就进来详谈吧 ”青年平缓开口，在头顶灯笼的晃动中，于那昏暗的光里，面孔看起来也是明暗不定，他说完退后几步，转身走去。
“Ah, Fellow Daoists from the Spirit Stream Sect,” the young man said. “Please, come in, and we can discuss matters” The flickering of the lantern cast shadows on the young man’s face, making it difficult to see him clearly as he turned and walked off.

宅子的大门敞开，似在等待白小纯三人的进入。
The courtyard gate then opened wide to allow the three disciples to enter.

冯炎迟疑了一下，当先走去，杜凌菲跟随在后，白小纯看了看四周，咬了咬牙，小心翼翼的跟在后面，进入了宅子。
Feng Yan hesitated for a moment, then walked through the gate. Du Lingfei followed along behind him. As for Bai Xiaochun, he looked around for a moment before gritting his teeth and cautiously entering the courtyard.

在他们进入之后，砰的一声，大门关闭，两个灯笼摇晃的更厉害，下面的那两个石狮子，突然眼珠转动了一下，慢慢成为了血色。
Even as the large gate closed behind them, the two stone lions beneath the lanterns outside suddenly turned to look in the direction of the gate, their eyes flickering with a blood-colored light.

宅子内，有一条青石小路，四周有些草木假山，只是即便有月光在，看起来也都一片朦胧，唯独最前方的青年，手中的灯笼散出微弱的光，随着青年的前行，一晃一晃。
Inside the courtyard was a green limestone path that wound through various plants and decorative rocks. Faint moonlight shone down, casting everything into partial shadow. The only light came from the lantern, which swayed back and forth in the young man’s hand.

四人走在这青石小路上，四周阴冷寂静，仿佛与外面是两个世界。
The four of them walked along the path, surrounded by gloomy silence. This place almost seemed like a different world than the one beyond the gate.

在众人的右侧，有几颗果树，树上长着很多红色的果子，宅子内明明没有风，可这果树却突然自行晃动起来，发出沙沙之音。
On the right-hand side of the path were several fruit trees, laden with red fruit. Strangely, despite a lack of any breeze within the courtyard, the leaves on those trees suddenly rustled.

杜凌菲与冯炎立刻警惕，白小纯在最后面，不断地向着四周看去，尤其是那几颗摇晃的果树，更是让他觉得诡异。
Du Lingfei and Feng Yan seemed more on guard than ever, and Bai Xiaochun, who was last in line, looked around cautiously in all directions. For some reason, those rustling fruit trees seemed very bizarre.

慢慢的，他闻到了一股血腥味，这味道虽很淡，可的确存在。
Gradually, a smell like that of fresh blood rose up, faint, but simultaneously distinct.

白小纯内心咯噔一声，正要开口时。 突然的，那几颗果树上的果子，一个个从树上掉了下来，摔在了地上后向前滚去，在这果子的表面，居然各自出现了一张张孩童的笑脸，就像是有人故意画上去似的，冲着白小纯等人笑了起来。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart began to thump, and he was just about to say something when, all of a sudden, fruit began to fall off of the fruit trees, landing on the ground and rolling toward Bai Xiaochun and the others. Strangely, faces could be seen on the fruit, child-like faces with broad smiles that almost seemed to have been painted on.

“啦啦啦，你们好。”
“La la la! Hello!”

它们的身上还长出了手脚，一个个拉着手，动作迅速的向着白小纯等人跑来，将面色变化的冯炎、杜凌菲以及白小纯团团围住，发出欢快的笑声。
Arms and legs sprouted out of the fruit, and as they ran toward Bai Xiaochun and the others, they clasped hands and then began to skip in circles around the shocked group of three.

“姑姑说，要听话，不能哭，只能笑，熟透的果子最美妙。”
At the same time, the fruits began to cry out in excited voices “Auntie said to be good a nd not cry! We can only laugh! Ripe fruit is the best fruit!”

这些果子绕着白小纯三人不断地转着圈，声音悦耳。
Their voices were very charming and sweet as they danced around and began to sing children’s lullabies.

随着它们的靠近，一股香甜扑面，可这甜意闻到嘴里，却让人似要把五脏六腑都呕吐出来。
Now that they were so close, it was possible to smell a sweet fragrance wafting about. It was so sickly sweet, in fact, that upon inhaling it, Bai Xiaochun and the others felt as if they were about to puke their guts out.

有几个果子甚至还跑到了最前方的青年面前，这青年置若罔闻，一脚踩下后，将几个果子踩碎，可这些碎裂的果子依旧爬了起来，带着笑容，继续唱着莫名其妙的歌谣。
When the fruit got too close to the young man with the lantern, he completely ignored them, and even stepped on some of them, crushing them. However, the crushed fruits simply crawled back to their feet, smiling as they continued to dance and sing.

“什么鬼东西！”
“What the hell are these things?”

冯炎目中露出精芒，袖子一甩，立刻有风吹出，卷着不少果子飞起，落地后一一碎裂，但还是爬起来，重新围住众人，欢笑依旧。
Feng Yan exclaimed, eyes flickering. He waved his sleeve, causing a gust of wind to kick up and send some of the fruits flying away. After splatting onto the ground, they lurched back to their feet and re-joined the circle, laughing just as loudly as before.

白小纯更是全身鸡皮疙瘩都出来了，身体外所有防护光幕，全部开启。
Bai Xiaochun felt goosebumps rising up all over him, and by this point he was fully surrounded by flickering shields.

杜凌菲面色苍白，看着那些手拉手唱歌的果子，她神情惊恐，忍着心底作呕之意，银牙一咬，凤目露出厉色，正要掐诀时，忽然的，这些果子一个个神色上露出恐惧。
Du Lingfei looked at the fruits all holding hands and singing, and her facial expression flickered with fear. Pushing down the disgust in her heart, she gritted her teeth, and her phoenix-like eyes flashed with anger. She was just about to perform an incantation gesture when suddenly, the fruits’ faces fell in terror.

“姑姑来了！” 它们快速倒退回到了果树旁，跳起来回到了各自的位置上，笑脸消失，恢复成正常的果子。
“Auntie’s coming!” they cried, running pell-mell back to the tree and leaping up into their original positions. Soon, their laughter and singing had faded away, and they looked like nothing more than ordinary fruit.

“这是老祖从落星山脉深处，带回的一种灵果，总是喜欢唱歌，三位道友觉得他们唱的怎么样？” 前方的落陈家族青年，没有回头，继续前行时传出声音。
The young man from the Luochen Clan didn't look back at them, but they could hear his voice as he said, “Those are some spirit fruits the patriarch brought back from the depths of the Fallenstar Mountains. What do you think of their singing, Fellow Daoists? They love to sing.”

冯炎与杜凌菲面色难看，冷哼一声，迈步走去。
Unsightly expressions appeared on the faces of Feng Yan and Du Lingfei as they followed along.

白小纯在后面，心底升起寒意，正继续前行时，他忽然发现，这里的脚步声，似乎 多了一个！
Bai Xiaochun was still in the very back. Suddenly, the cold feeling of fear rose up inside of him as he realized that another set of footsteps could be heard!

咯噔、咯噔、咯噔
Step, step, step

不知从什么时候开始，这里的脚步声不再是四个人的，而是 五个人！
It was impossible to determine when exactly this development had occurred, but as of this moment there were clearly five people walking along the path!

或许，从他们进入宅子后，就一直是有这个脚步声，只不过被那些果子吸引没有注意，此刻寂静后，听起来很是清晰。
Perhaps those footsteps had been mingled in with theirs from the moment they had entered the courtyard, and they hadn’t noticed because of the strange fruits. But now, in the silence that followed the fruits’ outburst, the sound of the additional footsteps was extremely conspicuous.

白小纯仔细一听，全身猛地一颤，他发现，那多出的脚步声，就在自己的身后，他脖子凉飕飕的，似有人靠着自己身后在呼吸。
The echoing footfalls caused Bai Xiaochun to shiver. What was most frightening was that the footsteps were coming from right behind him. Suddenly, an icy breeze seemed to run down his back, as if someone were behind him, breathing on him.

“你们 有没有听到，脚步声 多了一个！”
“Hey guys” he said, “did any of you realize there’s another set of footsteps?”

白小纯觉得汗毛全部乍起，前方的冯炎也一样神色变化，他也听到了这多出的脚步声。
As the hairs on the back of Bai Xiaochun’s neck rose up, Feng Yan’s face flickered as he also detected the footsteps.

杜凌菲瞳孔收缩，呼吸急促。
Du Lingfei’s pupils constricted, and she began to pant.

三人脚步瞬间停顿，随着他们的停顿，那脚步声也消失了。
The three of them suddenly stopped walking, and as they did, the sound of the other footsteps vanished.

白小纯心底发毛，咬牙猛地回头，可就在他转头的瞬间，突然的，他看到了在自己身后，竟站着一个红衣女子！
Bai Xiaochun’s heart was pounding. Gritting his teeth, he slowly turned his head to find himself staring into the eyes of a young woman wearing a red robe!

这女子红衣飘摇，面如死灰，诡笑的望着白小纯，双唇微动，似乎在说着什么。 “火不够了，帮帮我。”
Her robes swayed gently, and her face was as ashen, as if she were dead. She smiled oddly at Bai Xiaochun for a moment before her lips twitched, and she said, “This fire won’t do, h elp me.”

这突如其来的一幕，让白小纯猛地跳了起来，发出一声凄厉的尖叫，身体退后时，那红衣女子刹那化作一道红影，一闪消失。
The suddenness of what had just occurred caused Bai Xiaochun to leap into the air and scream. The red-robed young woman suddenly transformed into a streak of light that vanished in the blink of an eye.

白小纯面色苍白，立刻看去，可四周什么都没有 只有他的声音，化作了回音，在这四周回荡。
Bai Xiaochun’s face was pale white as he looked around, but nothing was there except for the echoing sound of his own scream.

杜凌菲与冯炎吓的心神一震，纷纷看向四周，虽然没察觉出什么身影，可二人此刻已都心惊肉跳。
Du Lingfei and Feng Yan looked around in fright. Although they didn't see any unusual figure like Bai Xiaochun did, their hearts were still pounding.

就在这时，有一个女子的歌声，在这漆黑寂静的宅子内，飘忽而来，这歌声似有若无，仿佛是哄着婴儿睡觉的摇篮曲，可在这寂静昏暗的宅子里，却让人头皮发麻。
Then, a woman’s voice suddenly rang out, singing a song. The lyrics drifted throughout the courtyard, strange and mysterious, almost like a lullaby being sung to soothe a baby. The mere sound of it caused the darkness to seem even more spine-tingling than before.

“孩子乖，快睡觉，风儿吹来火在摇，不要挠，也别叫 ”
“Good little baby, it's time to sleep, the wind is blowing and the flames do leap, don’t you weep and don ’t make a peep”

“装神弄鬼！”
“Enough with the parlor tricks!”

冯炎紧张，掐诀间立刻一把飞剑出现，在四周环绕。
Feng Yan blurted, clearly nervous. He instantly performed an incantation gesture, summoning a flying sword, which began to swirl around him.

与此同时，前方的拿着灯笼的青年，渐渐转过身，在手中灯笼的昏暗之光下，他整个人看起来也都模糊了。
Simultaneously, the young man with the lantern turned around to look at them. The flickering light from the lantern made him appear stranger than ever.

“怎么不走了？
“What are you standing there for?

来啊，来啊。”
Come on, let's keep going.”

青年脸上露出笑容，这笑容很是诡异。
He smiled, a smile that was somehow very abnormal.

“我们还是不进去了，我们来此是调查一位同门失踪之事，不知道友可记得五个月前，有我的同门来此地？” 冯炎深吸口气，目中露出凌厉问道。
Feng Yan took a deep breath, and then his eyes glinted with a fierce light as he said, “No, we’re not going anywhere. Look, we’re here to investigate the disappearance of one of our fellow disciples. Fellow Daoist, do you happen to remember anyone like us coming around here about five months ago?”

杜凌菲早已取出了法器，此刻精神高度集中。
Du Lingfei had already pulled out a magical device, and her eyes were shining in concentration.

“没有。” 拿着灯笼的青年，轻声开口，声音飘忽不定，似与那女子的歌声，融在了一起。
“No, I don’t think so,” replied the young man. His softly spoken words floated out into the air and seemed to harmonize with the woman’s singing voice.

“道友家族的族人，怎么都不在？” 杜凌菲忽然问道。
“Fellow Daoist,” Du Lingfei suddenly said, “how come none of your fellow clan members are around?”

“有事外出，你们问完了么？” 青年笑容更盛，甚至嘴角都掀起老大，看起来很不协调。
The young man’s smile widened to the point of looking unnatural. “Oh they're out on business. Are you done with your questions?”


“Yes, we’re done here,” said Feng Yan.

“问完了，我们告辞。”
“We’ll take our leave now.”

冯炎开口的同时，身体立刻后退，杜凌菲一样快速退后，至于白小纯，早就在他们之前，已然倒退。
With that, he turned to walk the other way back down the path. Du Lingfei followed suit, and as for Bai Xiaochun, he had long since taken to flight, and was further on ahead of them.

“既然你们不愿进来，那么就留下好了 留在这里，陪着我们 ”青年笑声传出，他的嘴角竟直接撕开成为一道巨大的裂口，几乎要将他的头部分割！
The young man’s smile was now so wide that the sides of his mouth began to rip open, almost as if his head were about to be torn in half! “If you don’t want to go any further, the least you could do is stay behind stay behind to keep us company”

他手中的灯笼，更是在这一瞬，直接变成了绿色，使得整个宅子，刹那更为昏暗，而他的身体，也在话语传出的同时，直接飘起，直奔冯炎。
The lantern suddenly turned a greenish color, making the entire courtyard even darker than before. Even as the words left the young man’s mouth, he began to float through the air toward Feng Yan.

冯炎面色一变，掐诀一指，飞剑呼啸而去，可那青年毫不闪躲，轰的一声，任由飞剑穿透身体，带着诡异的笑容，下巴挂在脸上，扑向冯炎。
Feng Yan’s face fell, and he performed an incantation gesture and pointed out, sending his flying sword speeding toward the young man. A boom rang out as the young man let the sword stab through him. Then, his smile widened even further as he shot toward Feng Yan.

冯炎呼吸急促，身体不断后退，更是咬牙之下取出一枚黑色的丹药，直接向着地面砸去，轰鸣之声惊天回荡，那丹药在碰触地面的瞬间，直接爆开。
Panting, Feng Yan fell back, simultaneously pulling out a black medicinal pill, which he threw down onto the ground. A rattling boom echoed out as the pill then exploded.

向冯炎扑来的青年首当其冲，被冲击了身体，倒退时，他的身上出现了无数破损的地方，可似乎不知晓疼痛，依旧诡异的笑，如风筝般转了个弯，继续扑来。
The charging young man was hit by the blast and sent tumbling backward, his body riddled with wounds. However, he apparently didn’t feel any pain whatsoever. Smiling the same as ever, he arced through the air as fast as a kite on a windy day, to once again charge toward Feng Yan.

而丹药轰开的地方，却出现了无数纵横交错的条纹，那些条纹似一缕缕死气组成，正在快速的编织，似要愈合。
In the spot where the medicinal pill had exploded, numerous glowing lines were now visible, all of which emanated a strong aura of death as they began to form together, as if they were repairing themselves.

“这里有阵法，这是阴冥阵！” 冯炎看到那些条纹后，惊呼失声。
As soon as he saw the designs on the ground, Feng Yan cried out in alarm, “There’s a spell formation here! It's a Shadowhell Formation!”

与此同时，在杜凌菲的脚下，那些青石板竟动了起来，出现了一双双眼睛，甚至还长出了双手，那一只只手枯瘦如柴，如同干尸，仔细一看，还可以看到一条条丝线状之物在里面钻来钻去 一把抓住杜凌菲的腿。
At the same time, the green limestone beneath Du Lingfei’s feet began to vibrate, and then eyes poppe d open upon them. Emaciated, corpse-like arms as skinny as twigs stretched out. Just beneath the surface of the skin of those arms were countless, worm-like creatures, wriggling and writhing. Those arms grabbed Du Lingfei’s right leg.


Voices rose up from the green limestone, sinister, fear-inspiring voices.

“你踩的我们好痛 ”
“It hurts when you step on us”

“来吧，来吧，和我们一起在这里吧 ”那些青石板内，更有声音传出，这些声音森然，让人听了后会心神震动。
“Come. Come be with us”

杜凌菲面色苍白，掐诀一指，立刻她的储物袋内飞出一杆小旗，形成了两条雾兽环绕身侧守护，而她的面前，也有一把飞剑呼啸而出，剑光闪耀时，斩断抓住自己小腿的手臂，身体快速后退。
Du Lingfei’s face was ashen. She quickly performed an incantation gesture and pointed out, causing a flag to fly out from her bag of holding. It instantly transformed into two mist beasts, which swirled around her defensively. Simultaneously, a flying sword appeared, and the sword light that shimmered out severed the hands which had grabbed onto her leg, allowing her to fall back.

而白小纯这里，在这一瞬，他耳边那女子的歌声，突然大了起来！
As for Bai Xiaochun, the woman’s singing suddenly grew louder in his ears.

“不要挠，也别叫 ”
“Don’t you weep and don ’t make a peep”

第五十一章 冯师兄是个好人啊
0050 chapter-51

白小纯头皮要炸开，双眼赤红大吼一声，大量的符纸被他拿出猛地按在了身上，轰轰轰，他身体外的防护光幕，一瞬间暴增，足有半丈多高。
Bai Xiaochun’s scalp was tingling so hard it felt like it would explode. Eyes crimson, he let out a powerful shout as he slapped more and more paper talismans down onto his body , causing more and more shields to spring up. Soon, he was surrounded by a barrier almost two meters thick.

就在这光幕出现的瞬间，之前出现的红衣女子，猛地在白小纯的身侧从黑暗中走出，向着光幕撞击过来。
Almost in the same moment that all the shields sprang up, the red-robed woman suddenly lunged out of the darkness toward Bai Xiaochun.

碰的一声，这女子竟深入光幕内三尺，可却被阻挡，无法继续时，女子发出尖锐之音，这声音具备穿透力，使得白小纯震耳欲聋，神志有些模糊。
A bang could be heard as she pierced roughly thirty percent into the shield barrier before being stopped in place. Then she screamed, a scream that was apparently capable of piercing through the shields. When the ear-splitting sound stabbed into Bai Xiaochun’s ears, he began to lose consciousness.

他骇然的狠狠一咬舌头，在清醒的瞬间，看到红衣女子化作了无数红色的甲壳虫，从四面八方试图钻入防护内。
Shocked, he bit his tongue hard, which made things clear just in time to see the woman transforming into a swarm of countless red beetles, which then began to batter against his shield.

可白小纯的防护层太厚了，那些红色甲壳虫用了全力，也都无法穿透最后的七寸防护，被猛地弹开，在半空中凝聚在一起后，赫然形成了红衣女子的身躯。
However, the shield was too thick, and the red beetles were incapable of piercing through the seventy percent that remained. After bouncing back, they flew back and re-formed into the shape of the red-robed woman.

她盯着白小纯，咯咯一笑，再次扑来。
She stared at Bai Xiaochun for a moment, then began to laugh as she charged toward him once again.

与此同时，阵阵呼啸声从四周传来，只见那些假山一个个蠕动，竟站了起来，成为了石人，而那些果树也都摇晃中长出手脚，从地面拔出，迈着大步，从四周蓦然出现，冲向三人，尤其是那些果树上的果子，此刻一个个再次露出笑脸，继续唱出了童谣。
Simultaneously, poppi ng sounds could be heard as the ornamental rocks began to ripple and rise up, transforming into stone golems. The fruit trees also sprouted arms and legs, wrenched themselves out from the ground and began to walk forward toward Bai Xiaochun and the others. Especially bizarre was the fact that the fruit on the trees began to laugh and sing nursery rhymes again.

其中一颗果树，距离白小纯很近，此刻紧随那红衣女子身后，直奔他来。
One of the trees joined the red-robed woman to specifically target Bai Xiaochun.

“傀儡！”
“Puppets!”

杜凌菲惊呼。
Du Lingfei gasped.

白小纯身体哆嗦，这种危险，他长这么大都没遇到过，此刻眼睛都红了，眼看那女子又来临，他连忙掐诀，用了全部灵气，向着女子一指。
Bai Xiaochun was trembling violently. In all the years in which he had lived, he had never experienced such a sensation of imminent danger. As the woman closed in on him, he quickly performed an incantation gesture, drawing upon all his spiritual energy as he waved his finger at her.

瞬间，他的木剑刹那飞出，速度之快如一道黑色的闪电，掀起阵阵狂风，轰的一声，直接就穿透了这女子的头颅。
Instantly, his woode n sword flew out at top speed, a black streak that kicked up a huge blast of wind. Then, a boom echoed out as the sword stabbed into the woman’s head.

女子发出凄厉的惨叫，身体成为无数红色甲壳虫落下，那些甲壳虫挣扎，在落下的途中，纷纷碎裂。
The woman let out a shrill scream, and her body suddenly dissolved into a mass of red beetles, which twitched and spasmed as they fell down onto the ground and then shattered into pieces.

木剑之力没有消散，这是白小纯危机下的全力一击，在穿透女子的头颅后，又直奔女子身后的果树人。
The woode n sword didn’t vanish, after stabbing through the woman’s head, it continued to speed onward toward the fruit tree behind her.

刹那而过，这果树人身体一顿，头颅直接爆开，其上的果子一个个肉眼可见的干瘪，可直至死亡，依旧还在欢快的唱歌。
It stabbed through the tree, which lurched to a stop and then suddenly exploded. Instantly, the fruit on the tree shriveled up, and yet continued to sing happily even as they died.

这一幕，让白小纯心底更为发毛，好在木剑之力极大，此刻还在疾驰，直接撞在了一旁的墙壁上，巨响滔天，墙壁碎开，更有一个巨大的窟窿出现，可以看到大量的条纹飞舞，如一条条须子，似要重新编织。
Everything that was happening caused the hair on Bai Xiaochun’s body to stand on end. Thankfully, his woode n sword was extremely powerful, and after stabbing through the tree, it continued to sail through the air and then blasted a hole into the nearby wall. As soon as the hole appeared, though, tentacle-like tendrils began to swirl out from the broken sides, as if the wall were preparing to re-form itself.

“冲出去！”
“Get out through that hole!”

杜凌菲急声开口，身体一晃，直奔那缺口而去，可冯炎距离这缺口最近，他忍着心痛再次取出一枚黑色丹药，直接炸在与他交手的青年身前，巨响回荡，冲击扩散时，他借力冲出，直奔缺口。
Du Lingfei cried, instantly flickering into motion. However, Feng Yan was the closest of all of them to the hole in the wall. Wincing at the pain of wasting such a valuable item, he produced another of the black medicinal pills and then threw it down in front of the young man with the lantern.

呼的一声就到了缺口旁，正要冲出，可冯炎忽然神色一变，只见两头巨大的石狮子，赫然从这缺口外冲了进来，扬天一吼，一头杀向冯炎，一头冲向白小纯。
A huge boom echoed out. Feng Yan then borrowed the force of the resulting explosion to fly toward the hole. Just when he was on the verge of shooting out through the hole, though, his face fell, as two huge stone lions leapt in from outside. Roaring, they charged, on e of them toward Feng Yan, the other toward Bai Xiaochun.

这两头石狮子，赫然就是之前守护在大门外的石狮！
Astonishingly, these were the same two stone lions which had been standing guard outside the main gate!


“You can't escape,” said the young man with the lantern.

“你们走不掉，灵溪宗 都该死！”
“Everyone from the Spirit Stream Sect shall di e!”

与冯炎交手的青年，此刻笑声回荡，身体一晃，再次缠住冯炎。
He began to laugh as he once again began to fight with Feng Yan.

眼看那缺口正快速愈合，冯炎大吼一声，双手掐诀，立刻他的身体外竟出现了数个头颅大小的火球，散发高温，边缘扭曲，向着四周轰轰爆开，形成火浪四散。
When Feng Yan saw that the hole in the wall was already beginning to mend itself, he roared, hands flashing in a double-handed incantation gesture as he summoned a head-sized fireball. That fireball emanated blistering heat as it expanded, sending a wave of flames out in all directions.

那石狮子都被逼的后退了一些，至于落陈家族的青年，面色一变，还有两个果树人，被轰在身躯上，一个直接爆开。
The stone lions were shoved back, and the young Luochen Clan cultivator’s face flickered. There were also two treants who were caught up in the flames, one of which exploded.

另一个则是在后退时，被冲来的杜凌菲一剑碎灭了身躯。
The other treant tried to fall back, but was then directly hit by Du Lingfei’s deadly flying sword.

轰轰之声回荡，这两个果树人的身体散出了大量绿色的液体，居然在它们的体内，分别露出了一个奄奄一息的身影，都是全身干瘦，如被抽走了大半生机。
Rumbling boom s echoed out as green sap exploded out from the destroyed treants. At the same time, it was revealed that inside of the two treants were emaciated, gasping figures, whose life force seemed to have been almost completely absorbed.

其中一个昏迷，另一个则是勉强睁开了眼，在看到杜凌菲后，露出激动。
One of those figures collapsed, unconscious, whereas the other struggled to open his eyes, and then looked excitedly at Du Lingfei.

“侯师兄！”
“Elder Brother Hou!” she cried, having instantly recognized Hou Yunfei. She immediately scoope d him up into her arms.

杜凌菲惊呼，认出对方居然是侯云飞，上前一把将侯云飞扶起。
At the same time, the weakened Hou Yunfei grabbed Du Lingfei’s arm and poured his last remaining bit of spiritual power into her.

“落陈家族叛变，快逃出去，向宗门传信！”
“The Luochen Clan has turned traitor. We have to get out of here and warn the sect!”

侯云飞虚弱，一把抓住杜凌菲的手臂，将体内最后一丝灵力灌入进去。 杜凌菲全身灵气猛地外涨，银牙一咬，扶着侯云飞蓦然冲出，速度暴增，直奔缺口。
Du Lingfei’s spiritual energy instantly swelled. Gritting her teeth, she held Hou Yunfei in her arms as she shot toward the hole in the wall with even greater speed.

白小纯一眼看去，立刻认出此人居然是侯云飞，他身体一晃，避开来临的石狮，冲向缺口。
When Bai Xiaochun looked over, he instantly recognized Hou Yunfei. Then, he flickered into motion as he dodg ed the stone lion and sped toward the hole in the wall.

此刻三人都在疾驰，杜凌菲距离缺口最近，冯炎与白小纯在后，距离不远，可明显白小纯的速度最快，甚至都要靠近了杜凌菲。
As of this point, Du Lingfei was now closest to the breach in the wall, with Feng Yan and Bai Xiaochun close on her heels. The fastest of them all was Bai Xiaochun, who was quickly closing the distance between himself and Du


Lingfei.

冯炎面色苍白，那火球之法对他来说消耗极大，此刻注意到白小纯的速度后，他眼中冷芒一闪，右手翻转时，再次出现了一枚黑色的丹药。
Feng Yan’s face was pale white. The fireball he had just unleashed had taken quite a toll on him. However, after noticing the speed with which Bai Xiaochun was moving, his eyes suddenly flickered with a cold glow, and he held up his hand, within which could be seen a black medicinal pill.

“杜师妹快走，将消息带给宗门，我助你一臂之力！”
“Junior Sister Du, you have to get word back to the sect! I’ll give you a bit of extra power!”

他声音传出时，右手的黑色丹药猛地一扔，位置正是杜凌菲与白小纯之间的半空。
With that, he flung the black medicinal pill down into the space between Du Lingfei and Bai Xiaochun.

轰的一声，这丹药蓦然爆开，形成的冲击力，推动杜凌菲的速度再次快了一些，她整个人一跃而起，砰的一声撞在了缺口上，如融入水面般，一冲而出。
As the medicinal pill exploded, a powerful force blasted out, pushing Du Lingfei toward the hole even faster than before. Then, a plopping sound like splashing water could be heard as she burst out.

可白小纯这里，却被这冲击阻挡，身体顿了一下，立刻被一头石狮子拦住，白小纯眼珠子都红了。
In contrast, Bai Xiaochun was blocked by the explosion, and was suddenly set upon by the stone lion. Instantly, his eyes turned bright red.

“冯炎！”
“Feng Yan!” he bellowed.

白小纯低吼时，四周风声呼啸，那石狮子直接扑来，白小纯正要闪躲，偏偏有三个果树人也都在此时临近，四头傀儡联手，在白小纯无法闪躲中，直接轰击到了他的身上。
A wind blasted out as the stone lion pounced. Just as Bai Xiaochun was about to dodg e, three treants closed in. There were now four puppets all attacking him simultaneously, making it impossible to evade. A poppi ng sound could be heard as his shields glittered brightly and then began to shatter.

砰的一声，白小纯全身的防护之光，在闪动了几下后，立刻碎灭，甚至连玉佩的青光，也都黯淡中碎开，虽然抵消了大半的外力，可那石狮子不凡，余力一样落在白小纯的胸口上。
Even the green shield from the jade pendant faded and shattered. Although the majority of the force of the blow was dissipated, the stone lion was extraordinary, and its attack landed fully on Bai Xiaochun’s chest.

巨大的冲击力，使得白小纯全身一震，身体被击飞出去。
The massive force sent Bai Xiaochun flying, his entire body shaking. “Junior Brother Bai!”

“白师弟 ”冯炎眼看这一幕，嘴角冷笑，可口中却传出痛心疾首的声音，速度不减，刹那临近缺口，小半个身子都融入到了缺口的水面内，眼看就要冲出去，可就在这时，那落陈家族的青年，忽然发出了一声尖锐之音，身体竟瞬间碎开，化作无数没有血的肉块，直奔冯炎。
Feng Yan cried said. Although a cold smile twisted his lips, his words sounded bitter and lamenting. And yet, he didn't slow down at all, in the blink of an eye, he passed into the rippling hole in the wall. Just when he was about to burst through to the other side, the young Luochen Clan cultivator let out a piercing shriek, then suddenly exploded into a mass of countless chunks of flesh, all devoid of blood, which then shot toward Feng


Yan.

在冯炎要冲出的刹那，这些血肉蓦然临近，将冯炎的身体直接缠绕，猛的一拽。
Before Feng Yan could pass through the gap in the wall, the chunks of flesh wrapped around him and began to drag him backward.

冯炎怒吼，再次被拽离了缺口处，而此刻的缺口，已所剩不多。
Feng Yan let out a roar of rage as he was pulled out. By this point, the hole in the wall was on the verge of closing up completely.

他焦急中狠狠一咬牙，竟咬破舌尖喷出鲜血，落在自己的飞剑上，使得飞剑眨眼赤红，没有斩向任何人，而是轰的一声碎裂开来，化作无数碎刃，直奔自身而来。
After gritting his teeth for a moment, he then bit down on his tongue and spat out a mouthful of blood, which landed onto his flying sword. The flying sword instantly turned crimson. Instead of shooting out in attack, it then exploded, transforming into a cloud of shrapnel that shot back toward him.

竟是以这种近乎自残的方式，使得无数碎刃从他身上穿透而过，在伤了自己的同时，也成功的将缠绕在自己身上的那些血肉，直接斩断！
Although it was injurious to himself, the hail of shrapnel also managed to slash away the chunks of flesh which had grabbed ahold of him! He was now freed, but was also covered in a mass of cuts and wounds.

身体一松，冯炎全身无数伤口，血肉模糊，使得他眼前发晕，好在那些碎刃之前在他的操控下，避开了自己的要害，此刻咬牙，一晃冲向缺口。
The pain from his mangled flesh threatened to render him unconscious, but he was still able to clench his jaw and shoot back toward the hole in the wall.

与此同时，白小纯这里，被那石狮子一巴掌轰在胸口，身体倒退，发出惨叫，可这惨叫刚刚传出就戛然而止，白小纯怔愣的眨了眨眼，低头看着自己的胸口，发现尽管衣衫破损，尽管那些皮衣也都碎裂了不少，可 自己却没感觉疼痛。
Meanwhile, Bai Xiaochun had been slammed by the lion’s paw, sending him tumbling backward, screaming. And yet, even as his scream was still echoing out into the air, Bai Xiaochun looked down in surprise at his chest to discover that, although his clothing was shredded, his skin hadn't been harmed at all. In fact he didn’t even feel any pain.

他诧异的飞快检查了一下，确定了 从自己出手到现在，看似凶险，可实际上 他全身上下连一个小伤口都没有。
After performing a quick inspection, he confirmed that although the situation had seemed extremely dangerous he hadn’t been hurt in the least.

那石狮子的一巴掌，他虽被拍飞，可竟没什么感觉。
The stone lion’s blow had sent him flying, but other than that, it had done virtually nothing.

正惊喜时，他四周的果树人追来，一拳打在了他的后背上，白小纯身体向前一冲，发现依旧没感觉后，仰天大笑。
Even as his elation grew, the treants closed in, and one of them punched him in the back. Although he was thrown forward, he felt no pain at all, whereupon he threw his head back and laughed uproariously.

“原来我这么强，他奶奶的，那我还怕个什么啊。”
“I can’t believe I'm actually so strong! Fudge! What do I have to be afraid of?”

白小纯精神抖擞，此刻更是信心十足，展开速度，嗖的一声，直奔缺口，速度之快，竟比方才要快上太多太多，眨眼就出现在了缺口处。
Enlivened, and now fully confident, he shot into the air toward the gap in the wall, moving with even greater speed than before. In the blink of an eye, he was at the gap.

此刻冯炎的半个身子已经伸了出去，白小纯的速度太快，他根本就没察觉，在他看来，白小纯方才被数只傀儡轰击，早就死了。
Feng Yan was now about halfway through the gap, and didn't even notice Bai Xiaochun and his sudden burst of speed. In his mind, Bai Xiaochun had probably already been killed by the numerous puppets.

眼看冯炎要走，白小纯眼中露出一抹恨意，他右手猛地抬起，一把抓住冯炎露在外面的肩膀，狠狠一拽。
Just as Feng Yan was about to free himself, a furious gleam appeared in Bai Xiaochun eyes, and he reached out toward Feng Yan’s shoulder, which was already outside of the hole.

“终于可以出来了！”
“Free at last!”

此刻冯炎正在惊喜，可猛然间肩膀一痛，还没等他反应过来，整个人就被一股大力，呼的一声拽回缺口内。
Feng Yan laughed. But then, he suddenly felt a huge force dragging him back through the hole.

“不！”
“No!” he howled.

冯炎怒吼，还没等他看清自己是如何被拽回来的，先是储物袋一松，随后整个人被那股大力狠狠一甩，身体直接被甩出老远。
Before he could even see what was dragging him, he felt his bag of holding slip away, and then he was flung deep into the courtyard, away from the gap.

他此刻才看到，缺口处白小纯的身影。
It was only at this point that he saw Bai Xiaochun.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!” he howled, eyes bloods hot.

冯炎双眼赤红，可紧接着就被那两头石狮子直接围住，轰鸣间，他的惨叫回荡。
However, he was now cut off by the two stone lions. Booms rang out, followed by a miserable scream.

“冯师兄！”
“Elder Brother Feng!”

白小纯发出痛心疾首的声音，身体一晃，直接踏入缺口，在这缺口即将愈合的刹那，整个人钻了出去。
Bai Xiaochun screamed, simultaneously leaping through the hole in the wall. Just as he emerged on the other side, the hole finished closing up. He was now outside, no longer in the courtyard of the Luochen Clan.

就在他钻出的瞬间，这缺口直接收拢。
As for

出口处，已不是落尘家族的宅子内，而是在大门外，杜凌菲逃出后不敢停顿，在远处丛林边缘焦急的等待，不时看向四周，此刻看到白小纯冲出，正要呼唤时，却见白小纯发出凄厉之音，眼睛通红。
Du Lingfei, she had continued to run as soon as she had emerged, and was now waiting some distance off at the edge of the forest. When she saw Bai Xiaochun appear, she was just about to call out to him when he suddenly began to wail miserably.

“冯师兄！
“Elder Brother Feng!

你为了救我，不但把储物袋给了我，居然还自己去阻挡那些傀儡，冯师兄！”
Not only did you give me your bag of holding to help me escape, you also held off the puppets. Oh, Elder Brother Feng!”

“白小纯，我们快走！” 听到白小纯的话，杜凌菲心底悲伤，眼看缺口消失，白小纯还在那里悲愤欲绝，连忙喊道。
After hearing Bai Xiaochun’s words, Du Lingfei felt horrible. However, the gap was closed, and Bai Xiaochun was just standing there in grief and indignation, so she quickly said, “Bai Xiaochun, come on, let's go!”

白小纯眼中带着泪水，赶紧跑了过来，与杜凌菲一起扶着侯云飞，直奔丛林。
Not needing any further coercion, Bai Xiaochun began to run, tears streaming down his face. Helping Du Lingfei support Hou Yunfei, they vanished into the forest.

“冯师兄是个好人啊 ”白小纯哭丧着脸，还不时回头。
Looking over his shoulder, Bai Xiaochun frowned sadly and said, “Elder Brother Feng, such a good g uy”

杜凌菲苦涩，她没想到这一次的任务，居然凶险到了这种程度，想到之前若是听从白小纯的话，不来这落陈家族，或许冯炎就不会死。
Du Lingfei was very upset. She had never imagined that the mission would be this dangerous. Then she remembered Bai Xiaochun’s suggestion to not come to the Luochen Clan, and realized that if they had listened to him, Feng Yan might not have died.

尤其是看到白小纯那副悲哀的恨不能捶胸的样子，她心底更难过，轻叹一声。
And when she saw that Bai Xiaochun was in so much grief that he was on the verge of beating his own chest, she felt even worse. Finally, she sighed.

“白师弟，我们得尽快逃走，落陈家族叛变，他们不会让我们把消息传回宗门的，我方才也尝试了，这里已被隔绝了一切波动 传音玉简，已不能用了。”
“Junior Brother Bai,” she said, looking at him bitterly, “let’s hurry up. If the Luochen Clan has turned traitor, they won’t want the sect getting wind of it. I just tried to send word back, but there’s interference in the area

杜凌菲看向白小纯，涩声说道。
Transmission jade slips won’t work.”

白小纯身体一震，立刻意识到了危险。
Bai Xiaochun shivered, feeling more in danger than ever before.

第五十二章 落陈叛变
0051 chapter-52

与此同时，落陈家族所在的宅子地底，赫然存在了一处庞大的地宫，此地有一处血湖，血湖内有无数骸骨浸泡。
Meanwhile, beneath the Luochen Clan mansion was a sprawling, underground necropolis. In one part of the necropolis was a lake of simmering blood, f illed with countless floating skeletons.

四周有阵法光芒闪耀，无数落陈家族的族人，正一个个跪在四周，男男女女老老少少，密密麻麻，每一个族人跪的地方，都是这阵法的一个节点。
The glitter of a spell formation could be seen surrounding the entire thing, and countless members of the Luochen Clan were prostrating themselves around the lake. There were men and women, youngsters and old-timers, all of whom knelt at key nexuses within the spell formation.

他们每个人都沉默，右手划开，鲜血落下，融入身边的节点内，汇集全族所有族人的鲜血，凝聚在中心的血湖内。
It was with utter solemnity that one by one, they would slice open their right hands and squeeze blood down onto the nexuses, which carried the blood into the central lake.

湖水中心，有一个老者盘膝打坐，这老者白发苍苍，可却不怒自威，此刻打坐时每一次呼吸，血湖都在沸腾。
In the very middle of that lake of blood, a n old man sat cross-legged. His hair was long and white, and he seemed threatening without being angry. With every breath he took, the lake of blood bu bbled.

就在这时，老者的双眼猛地睁开，其内露出一抹血光。
Suddenly, the man’s eyes opened, and they gleamed with a blood-colored glow.

“怎么回事！” 他阴冷的声音在这地宫内回荡。
“What’s going on?” he demanded, his cold voice echoing throughout the necropolis.

距离他最近的一圈族人里，有一个青年低声开口。
One of the clan members closest to him was a young man, who looked exactly like the young man from up in the courtyard who had tried to kill Bai Xiaochun and the others.

“老祖，灵溪宗有三个外门弟子到来，他们来的太突然，晚辈措手不及，担心影响我族大事，以我在外的傀儡之体，本打算用阵法配合其他傀儡将三人击杀，可惜 晚辈无能，只击杀了一人，让其他两人逃走，至于之前被擒的那位弟子，也被 救走了。”
He leaned over and whispered, “Patriarch, three disciples from the Spirit Stream Sect showed up. It happened so quickly that I was caught unprepared. I was worried that it would influence the larger task at hand, so my puppet body on the outside, along with the spell formation and the other puppets, tried to kill them.


Unfortunately I'm so useless,

这青年正是白小纯三人所看到的那位与他们厮杀之人。
Senior. I only managed to kill one. The other two escaped, and they took the other disciple we caught last time with them.” The young man was feeling quite discouraged.

他心底也郁闷，灵溪宗弟子失联，一般至少需要半年时间才会被确定失踪，也只有那个时候，才会安排弟子去探查，这样的话，到了落星山脉，往往需要九个月左右。
Normally speaking, if a disciple of the Spirit Stream Sect went missing, it would take at least half a year before the sect officially declared them as missing. Only then would other disciples be sent to investigate. Considering that, by the time such disciples arrived in the Fallenstar Mountains, at least nine months should have passed.

可如今只过去了四个月，居然有灵溪宗弟子到来，别说是他，整个落陈家族都没想到，毕竟只是一个外门弟子，且他们家族之前也没露出什么征兆，按照道理来说，是不可能这么快的。
However, only four months had gone by, and yet disciples from the Spirit Stream Sect had already arrived. It wasn’t just this young man who was taken aback. No one in the entire Luochen Clan could have guessed that the disappearance of a mere Outer Sect disciple was anything to worry about.


Logically speaking, no one should have been sent to investigate so quickly.

至于那侯云飞，如果不是查出了他们落陈家族的秘密，他们也不愿将其擒住，原本按照他们的计划，只需半年就可完成，一旦完成，从此家族就可海阔天高，摆脱灵溪宗的掌控！
Furthermore, if Hou Yunfei hadn’t managed to uncover the secrets of the Luochen Clan, they would never have taken him captive. According to their original plan, they needed half a year to be completely prepared, then rise up and free themselves from the control of the Spirit Stream Sect!

可如今还差一个月
However, that meant they still need a month of time


“Two Outer Sect disciples?

“两个外门弟子 哼，老夫已开启阵法，封印四方，你安排人去将他们尽快击杀，只要再过一个月 一切就足矣！”
Hmph! The defensive spell formation has already been activated. Seal the area and send people to track them down and kill them. We only need one more month and then nothing will be able to stop us!”

老者淡淡开口，倒也没有太放在心上，重新闭上了眼。
The old man didn’t seem to be worried at all about what had happened, and closed his eyes to continue meditating.

青年深吸口气，低头称是。
The young man sighed, bow ing his head in compliance.

不多时，有七道身影，从落陈家族的宅子内蓦然走出，当首者正是那位青年，此刻真身修为显露，竟是凝气八层的样子。
It didn’t take long before seven figures emerged from within the Luochen Clan. The one in the lead position was the same young man, whose cultivation base was in the eighth level of Qi Condensation.

其他六人，最弱的也都是凝气六层，还有两人是凝气七层。
Of the other six, the weakest were in the sixth level of Qi Condensation, with two being in the seventh.

“他们逃不了多远，追！”
“They won't be able to get far. Let’s go!”

七人身体一晃，一个个目中露出杀意，直奔丛林。
The seven cultivators shot into the jungle, eyes shining with killing intent.

丛林内，白小纯与杜凌菲扶着昏迷的侯云飞，向前疾驰而去，他也尝试取出了飞行舟船，只是此地的阵法不但隔绝了信息的传送，甚至连舟船都无法运转。
Out in the jungle, Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei were moving along as fast as possible while simultaneously propping up Hou Yunfei. They tried to use their windskiff, but apparently the same interference from the spell formation that made transmission jade slips inoperable had the same effect on the ship.

这一幕让白小纯与杜凌菲，面色更为难看。
The expressions on the faces of Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei grew even darker.

一路沉默，二人扶着侯云飞咬牙奔驰。


白小纯面色苍白，他此刻的危机感已到了极致，全身的每一寸血肉都在尖叫不说，甚至仿佛都在传递给他一个强烈的诉求，在告诉他，一定要快逃！
Bai Xiaochun’s face was pale, and the sensation of imminent crisis within him couldn’t be greater. Every inch of flesh and blood within him was screaming out at him to flee as fast as he could!

稍微慢一点，就会死在这里！
If he went any slower, he would surely die!

这种死亡的危机，比冯炎带给他的还要强烈无数倍，毕竟冯炎就算要对他出手，也是有顾忌的，需要暗中坑杀。
The sensation of danger was far greater than what he had felt from Feng Yan. After all, even though Feng Yan had tried to kill him, he had been nervous about it and tried to do i t secretly.

而他只要警惕，虽避不开全部，可却能避开大半，甚至能找到机会去反击。
Bai Xiaochun had known all along that as long as he was careful, he would most likely be able to avoid whatever move Feng Yan made against him, and could probably even strike back at him.

可眼下 白小纯一想到自己等人掌握的消息，就心在颤抖，额头不断流下冷汗，这种关乎一个修真家族叛乱的消息，别说是落陈家族了，就算是白小纯这里，也都会毫不犹豫的去击杀。
But now the instant he thought about the information in their possession, he trembled, and sweat began to pour down his face. Considering that they knew about the Luochen Clan’s betrayal, it was obvious that they wouldn't hesitate to kill all of them.

对方必定是不惜代价，也要将自己等人彻底灭口。
They would no dou bt go to any and all lengths to ensure their silence.

不会是暗中出手，而是如雷霆一样直接灭杀。
Furthermore, they wouldn’t strike out in secret, they would attack like a lightning bolt!

甚至不可能给他们时间逃的太远，说不定如今落陈家族的族人，就在后方追击而来。
Nor would they allow much time for them to get very far away. In fact, there were almost certainly members of the Luochen Clan chasing after them already.

“该死的执法堂，这任务 这任务根本就不是外门弟子能接的！”
“Damn you, Hall of Justice. This mission is not the type that Outer Sect disciples can handle!”

一想到落陈家族还有筑基老祖存在，白小纯更是哆嗦了。
Then Bai Xiaochun remembered that the Luochen Clan had a Foundation Establishment patriarch, and he began to shake even harder.

“筑基啊 凝气与筑基强者比较，仿佛凡人与凝气之间的差距 ”白小纯呼吸急促，眼睛都红了。
“Foundation Establishment The difference between Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment is like the difference between being mortal and being in Qi Condensation” Bai Xiaochun was so nervous that his eyes were bloods hot.

“我修行 是为了长生啊 ”白小纯欲哭无泪，看了眼侯云飞，他总不能为了速度快一点，把侯云飞扔下，这种事情，他做不出来。
“I practice cultivation to live forever” Bai Xiaochun wanted to cry, but no tears would come. He looked over at Hou Yunfei, and knew that he would never be able to abandon him just to gain some speed. That was something he could never bring himself to do.

杜凌菲面色苍白，她修为最弱，体内灵气有些恢复不过来，此刻泛起阵阵苦涩，她知道这一次必定九死一生，甚至有很大的可能，十死无生，若是冯炎在的话还好，毕竟以其凝气七层的修为，只要对方的筑基老祖没出现，或许还有一拼之力。
Du Lingfei’s face was pale, her cultivation base was the weakest of them all, and her internal spiritual energy was recovering very slowly. The more time passed, the worse she felt about the situation. She knew that they were facing almost certain death. Perhaps someone in the seventh level of Qi Condensation might be able to fight back against a

可如今冯炎死亡，她自己这里只是凝气五层，始终无法突破，而白小纯 对于怕死的他，杜凌菲没有任何指望。
Foundation Establishment Patriarch. But now, Feng Yan was dead, and she was only in the fifth level of Qi Condensation, with no hope of being able to break through to the next level any time soon. As for Bai Xiaochun considering how scared he was of dying, Du Lingfei would never place any hope in him.

“想不到第一次外出执行任务，就要死在这里。”
“I never imagined I would die on my first mission outside of the sect,” she thought, laughing bitterly.

杜凌菲惨笑，可却银牙一咬，不到最后，她绝不会放弃生机，此刻一拍储物袋，取出丹药吞下，看了看面色苍白哆嗦的白小纯，杜凌菲轻叹，这个时候，她对白小纯也都没有什么轻蔑了，拿出一个丹瓶扔给白小纯。
However, things weren’t over yet, and it wasn’t the time to give up, so she gritted her teeth and produced a medicinal pill from within her bag of holding and popped it into her mouth. Then she looked over at Bai Xiaochun, who was pale-faced and shivering, and she sighed. At the moment, she no longer felt any scorn for him. Producing a medicinal pill bottle, she tossed it over to him.

“白师弟，注意体内灵气要随时补充。”
“Junior Brother Bai, make sure to keep your internal spiritual energy up.”

白小纯一愣，接过药瓶，沉默中打开，吞下一粒，似想起了什么，从冯炎的储物袋内取出了两个丹瓶。
Bai Xiaochun stared in shock at the medicinal pill bottle, then opened it and consumed one of the pills. It was at this point that he suddenly remembered something, and produced two medicinal pill bottles from Feng Yan’s bag of holding.

“冯师兄这里也有丹药。” 他说着，分给了杜凌菲一半。
“Elder Brother Feng had some medicinal pills,” he said, handing one of the bottles to Du Lingfei.

杜凌菲默默接过，二人速度不变，再次疾驰，渐渐的，来到了当初发现侯云飞玉简的地方，看着那颗大树，杜凌菲心底长叹一声。
She accepted it silently, and the two of them proceeded along as fast as possible. Before long, they were back in the location where they had discovered Hou Yunfei’s jade slip. When Du Lingfei saw that tree, she sighed inwardly.

可此刻后悔没用，二人扶着侯云飞再次飞奔，渐渐的杜凌菲的速度越来越慢，白小纯着急，一把拉着杜凌菲的手臂，带着她与侯云飞狂奔。
By now, it was useless to have regrets, so without another word, they continued to speed along. Gradually, Du Lingfei began to slow down, which made Bai Xiaochun even more nervous. Finally, he then grabbed her by the arm and pulled her along, carrying Hou Yunfei at the same time.

杜凌菲早就发现白小纯这里速度始终飞快，此刻被他抓住手臂，她下意识的就要挣扎，可看到白小纯苍白的面孔以及目中露出的恐惧，她心底一叹，任由白小纯抓着自己的手臂，一同冲出。
Du Lingfei had long since noticed that Bai Xiaochun was much faster than her. When he grabbed her arm, she almost pulled away, but when she saw the look of terror on his face, she sighed and allowed him to pull her along.

就在这时，侯云飞身体一抖，慢慢睁开了眼，目中露出疲惫。
It was at this point that Hou Yunfei shivered, and his eyes slowly opened. He looked exhausted.


After assessing his current position, he laughed bitterly and said, “Junior

“白师弟，不想数年一别，你我竟是在这里相遇。”
Brother Bai, I never thought that, after all these years, we would meet again like this.”

侯云飞苦笑，看着扶着自己的白小纯与杜凌菲。


杜凌菲一看侯云飞苏醒，连忙拿出丹药递了过去。
Seeing that Hou Yunfei was awake, Du Lingfei quickly offered him a medicinal pill.

“侯师兄 ”白小纯望着侯云飞，也叹了口气。
Bai Xiaochun looked at Hou Yunfei and sighed. “Elder Brother Hou”


“There’s still hope for us,” Hou Yunfei said.

“我们还是有希望的，那落陈家族为了一己私利肆戮凡俗，取骨换血，而那位筑基老祖，要主持逆血，不可能亲自追来，而且整个落陈家族如今都在阵法内，所以 追来的人不会太多！”
“For their own personal benefit, the Luochen Clan slaughtered people from the mortal world, extracting their blood and bones for use in a spell formation. Their Foundation Establishment patriarch is currently presiding over an Inverse Blood Grand Magic, so he can’t personally come after us. Furthermore, the entire Luochen Clan is maintaining the spell formation. Therefore they won’t be able to send very many people after us!”


Hou Yunfei smiled, took the medicinal pill from Du Lingfei, and swallowed it.

“此地虽无法向宗门传出信息，可只要逃出一定的范围后，必定可以！”
Then, his eyes began to shine as he said, “Although we can’t get a message to the sect from this location, if we get far enough away, we’ll definitely be able to!

“而这种大事，一个修真家族的叛乱，只要宗门知晓，会以最快的速度赶来！”
“Something big like this, an entire cultivator clan rebelling, will definitely provok e a huge reaction from the sect!”

侯云飞笑了笑，从杜凌菲那里拿过丹药，吞下后目中精芒一闪，不再在让白小纯扶着，而是咬牙与二人一起飞奔。
Thanks to the medicinal pill, he no longer needed help from Bai Xiaochun, and began to speed along on his own power.

如此一来，三人速度更快了一些，渐渐已看到了落星山脉的边缘，不多时，三人一冲而出，杜凌菲立刻拿出玉简试图联系宗门，可面色却更为苍白，苦涩的摇了摇头。
Because of that, they managed to pick up speed. Soon, the borders of the Fallenstar Mountains became visible, and eventually, they shot out into the open, whereupon Du Lingfei pulled out a jade slip and tried to make contact with the sect. Moments later, her face drained of blood, and she shook her head.

“还是不行 ” 白小纯心底咯噔一声，侯云飞沉默。
“Still not working?” muttered Bai Xiaochun, his heart pounding. Hou Yunfei merely stood t here silently.

三人没有说话，纷纷闷头继续前行，可就在这时，突然的，他们的身后有呼啸声瞬间传来，在三人面色变化的刹那，七道身影，在嗖嗖之声中，于丛林的另一个方向，蓦然冲出。
None of them spoke any further as they continued on dejectedly. It was at this point that, all of a sudden, a whistling sound could be heard from behind them. Their faces fell as seven figures burst out of the trees not too far away.

当首者，正是那位凝气八层的青年，他一眼就看到了白小纯三人，目中杀机一闪。
In the lead was the young man in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, who looked at Bai Xiaochun and the others, eyes flickering with killing intent.

“我之前就说过，你们 逃不掉！
“Like I said, you can’t get away!

记住，杀你们的人，叫陈越！”
Never forget that the person who killed you is named Chen Yue!

“杀了他们！”
Kill them!”

落陈家族的众人，各自取出法器，一个个目中露出寒芒，蓦然冲来。
The Luochen Clan members immediately pulled out magical devices, and cold light appeared in their eyes as they closed in.

白小纯三人面色大变，一个个咬牙速度再增。
The faces of Bai Xiaochun, Du Lingfei, and Hou Yunfei flickered, and they gritted their teeth as they tried to pick up speed.

陈越冷笑，大袖一甩，立刻一个紫色的骷髅头出现，迎风见长，化作半丈大小，发出森森笑声，直奔白小纯三人，速度之快，瞬间临近后，在陈越遥遥一指之下，居然自行的崩溃爆开。
Chen Yue was laughing coldly as he flicked his sleeve, causing a violet skull to appear. As it sped through the air, it cackled madly, and within the blink of an eye, it was almost directly upon Bai Xiaochun and the others. At that point, Chen Yue waved his finger, and the skull exploded.

轰的一声，形成了一股冲击，直接将三人分开，使得杜凌菲与侯云飞身体猛地被阻挡停顿下来，立刻就被落陈家族的族人追上围绕。
The resulting shockwave sent the three Spirit Stream Sect disciples spinning apart. Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei suddenly lost their momentum, and were almost instantly surrounded by the Luochen Clan members.

而白小纯速度本就极快，之前要带着杜、侯二人，此刻散开后，他没有想太多，速度自然而然的全力展开，风声呼啸，竟一下子暴增一大截，落陈家族的族人还没等将其围住，他就刹那冲了出去，此刻已跑出了数十丈外，且看起来，似乎速度还在增加。
Bai Xiaochun, however, kept speeding along. Before, he had been somewhat held back by the other two, but now that he was on his own, he burst out with incredible speed, breaking free of the Luochen Clan members. It only took a moment for him to put dozens of meters between them, and from the look of it, he was only starting to pick up speed.

他的速度这么一暴增，无论是那位凝气八层的陈越还是其他落陈家族的族人，都愣了一下。
Even Chen Yue, the only member of the Luochen Clan present who was in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, could do n othing but stare in shock. “He’s fast,” Chen Yue said coolly.

“跑的倒快，先杀了这两位，再去追此人！”
“First kill these two, then we’ll go after him!”

陈越淡淡开口，挥手时，杀意滔天，直奔杜、侯二人。
Waving his sleeve, he turned to Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei, killing intent boiling.

轰鸣间，杜凌菲喷出鲜血，勉强支撑，全身上下血迹斑斑，被数人围住，她心知必死无疑，此刻遥望白小纯远去的背影，她惨笑起来。
Du Lingfei coughed up a mouthful of blood. Her body was already spattered in blood, she was surrounded and certain that she was going to die. As she looked at Bai Xiaochun fleeing off into the distance, she began to laugh bitterly.

白小纯怕死，此事她早就知道，虽然心中难免复杂，可更多的，则是苦涩与绝望。
She was well aware that Bai Xiaochun feared death, so although she wasn't very surprised, she couldn’t help but feel bitter and hopeless.

“白师弟，希望你能逃出去 ”杜凌菲掐诀间，飞剑呼啸而去，凭着举重若轻的速度，与身边众人再次对抗，鲜血又一次喷出，身体已摇摇欲坠。
“Junior Brother Bai, I hope you manage to get away” she thought. At the same time, she performed an incantation gesture, sending a flying sword out with the power of Lightness-in-Heaviness. Coughing up more blood, she continued to try to defend herself.

侯云飞也惨笑，眼中露出精芒，他低吼一声，哪怕此刻灵气近乎枯竭，可依旧不准备放弃，甚至他咬牙之下，准备即便是死，也要争取拉着对方几个人一起同归于尽，为白小纯那里，争取更多的时间。
Hou Yunfei was also laughing bitterly, but his eyes shone with a cold light. He let out a roar, and although his spiritual energy was mostly depleted, he wasn’t ready to just give in. Gritting his teeth, he prepared to take some of the enemy with him as he died, if only to buy some more time for Bai

第五十三章 勇气！
Xiaochun. 0052 chapter-53

白小纯面色苍白，心底颤抖，那种全身上下无处不传来的危机感，让他整个人已是惊魂不定，那种随时会死的感觉，更是让他不断地哆嗦。
Bai Xiaochun’s face was pale and his heart was pounding. The sensation of danger left him so alarmed that he felt like he might die at any moment, leaving him shaking uncontrollably. He had never been this frightened before in his entire life.

他从来没这么害怕过，无论是在村子里点香听到雷声，还是在宗门内被李青候带去万蛇谷，又或者是这一路上看到的各种强悍的生物。
Not when he had left his village to light the incense and brave the lightning, not when Li Qinghou had taken him to 10,000 Snakes Valley, not even when he had seen all those fantastic and pow erful creatures while traveling.

那些时候，他虽紧张，可却知道自己 不会死！
In all those situations, he had been nervous, but he had also been confident that he wouldn't die!

但如今，他很清楚的明白，自己 真的会死！
But today, he had the distinct sensation that he was really going to die!

此刻飞奔中，他忽然察觉身边没人了，愣了一下后立刻回头，一眼就看到远处数百丈外，被落陈家族七个人围攻的杜凌菲与侯云飞。
As he flew along, he suddenly realized that he was alone. Then he looked back in shock to see that the seven members of the Luochen Clan had surrounded Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei, several hundred meters back.

也看到了杜凌菲喷出的鲜血，换了任何人都可以看出，杜凌菲与侯云飞，根本就坚持不了多久，随时会被斩杀身亡，形神俱灭。
He also saw that Du Lingfei was coughing up blood. Anyone in this situation would be able to tell that she and Hou Yunfei wouldn’t be able to hold on for very long before they were cut dow n.

白小纯身体猛地一顿，站在那里，望着这一幕，他的身体颤抖的更厉害，他的双眼渐渐血丝弥漫，他可以强烈的感受到自己的身体，自己的灵魂，都在向自身呐喊，让自己展开全力逃遁。
A tremor ran through Bai Xiaochun as he stood there watching. He began to shake even harder, and his eyes were completely shot with blood. He could feel his very soul screaming at him to run away as quickly as possible.

甚至白小纯也有一定的自信，凭着自己的速度，有杜凌菲与侯云飞这么去阻挡，他有很大的可能 逃出升天！
In fact, Bai Xiaochun was quite sure that, considering the speed he could maintain, and given that Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei were preventing the enemy from giving chase, there was actually a good chance that he could get away.

一旦逃出，就可以活命，就可以继续修行，可以去追求他的理想，去长生不死，而且宗门非但不会去责罚他，反而会给出奖励。
If he did, he could keep on living, he could continue to practice cultivation, and he could pursue what he really wanted eternal life with no death. Not only would the sect not punish him if he survived, they would even reward him.

可 如果就这么的逃走，如果眼看着杜凌菲与侯云飞死亡，白小纯他会内疚一辈子，他觉得自己的身体此刻好似被分裂成了两个意识，一个在告诉他赶紧逃走，否则会死，另一个则是告诉他，如果扔下同门逃走，他白小纯这辈子心都不安！
However if he simply ran away, leaving Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei to their deaths, he would feel guilty for the rest of his life. He felt as if his entire body had been split in half, with one half telling him to flee at top speed, otherwise he would die. The other half was telling him that if he left his fellow sect members to die, that he would never be able to rest at ease for the rest of his life!

白小纯呼吸急促，发出阵阵没有含义的低吼，他的额头青筋鼓起，他的身体抖的如同一个筛子，他此刻没有想太多，也无法去思考什么后果，他狠狠地握住拳头，他只知道一点
Panting, he let out a frustrated cry of anger. Blue veins bulged out on his forehead, and he was shaking as hard as a tumbling die. At the moment, he wasn’t thinking much about the specifics of the situation, or the potential consequences. His hands clenched into fists as a single thought ran through his head

“我白小纯虽怕死，可我 不能就这么走了！”
“I might be afraid of dying, but I'm not gonna just run away!”

白小纯猛地一锤胸口，眼中彻底被血丝弥漫，扬天发出一声如雷霆的嘶吼，整个人猛地冲出，直奔 杜凌菲与侯云飞所在的地方，冲去！
He suddenly began to beat at his chest with his fists. His eyes were completely bloods hot, and he let out a thunderous roar as he suddenly turned and shot back toward Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei! He moved so quickly that whistling sounds echoed out in all directions.

他速度太快，竟掀起了阵阵风声呼啸，传遍四方，侯云飞身体一颤，他看到了白小纯，神色内分不清是什么色彩，似错愕，似欣慰，他忽然笑了起来，目中露出果断，竟不在防护，而是施展全力，向着落陈家族的族人冲去。
Hou Yunfei trembled at the sight of Bai Xiaochun’s sudden reversal in course, and his expression was hard to read. He looked astonished, thankful, and all of a sudden, he started laughing. Then, determination glimmered in his eyes, and without even thinking about defense, he charged toward the Luochen Clan members with everything he had.

同样在这一瞬，此刻被一剑险些穿透了身体，被划开了一道鲜血淋漓的伤口的杜凌菲，也都听到，抬头时，她看到了双眼赤红，发狂般冲回来的白小纯。
Simultaneously, Du Lingfei, whose body was splattered with blood from where a flying sword had slashed across her, looked up to see Bai Xiaochun, eyes bloods hot, roaring as he charged in their direction. She felt as if she had been struck by lightning, and her jaw dropped.

杜凌菲整个人如被天雷轰击，她怔在那里，眼泪控制不住的流下，她不知道自己此刻是什么情绪，有感动，有激动，也有震撼。
Tears began to roll down her cheeks as numerous emotions floode d through her. She was touched, excited, and shaken.

她知道白小纯怕死，可此刻当她看到白小纯冲来时，看着对方赤红的双眼，颤抖的身体，她无法想象对方需要多么大的勇气，才可以 不再逃走，选择归来。
She knew how much Bai Xiaochun was afraid of dying, so when she saw him flying toward them, physically trembling, eyes crimson, she could only imagine how much bravery he had summoned to stop running away, turn around, and then come back for them.

“快走啊，你这个笨蛋，快走，不要来送死！”
“Get out of here, you idiot! Run! Don’t get yourself killed!”

杜凌菲流着眼泪，向着白小纯大声喊道，没有注意身后一个落陈家族凝气六层的弟子，一掌落下。
Tears streamed down her face. As Bai Xiaochun ran toward them bellowing at the top of his lungs, she didn’t notice that one of the Luochen Clan disciples in the sixth level of Qi Condensation was unleashing a palm strike toward her back.

轰的一声，杜凌菲鲜血喷出，眼前都有些模糊了，身体被抛起，不远处一把飞剑，此刻在另一位落陈家族族人的操控下，直奔杜凌菲的头部呼啸而来。
A boom rang out, and blood sprayed out of her mouth. Her vision swam as she tumbled to the ground. Then, one of the Luochen Clan cultivators’ flying swords began to speed through the air toward her head.

白小纯眼看这一幕，他发出一声更为强烈的大吼，身体的速度竟在这本就极致中，再次爆发，轰的一声，似身体都被拉扯，直接划破长空，居然整个人一跃而去，以巨大的冲击力，带动瘦小的身体，形成了一道长虹，瞬间临近，在那把飞剑要靠近杜凌菲的刹那，他出现在了杜凌菲的身边，一把将其抱住，转了一个圈后，右手握拳，向着那飞剑一拳轰去。
When Bai Xiaochun saw what was happening, he let out an even more violent roar, and pushed forward with another burst of speed, reaching his very limit. He streaked through the air, turning into a beam of light that shot toward Du Lingfei. Even as the flying sword bore down on her, Bai Xiaochun landed at her side, scoope d her up with one arm, then clenched his right hand into a fist and punched out toward the flying sword.

轰的一声，飞剑颤抖，竟被白小纯这一拳直接打的飞起。
A boom echoed out as the flying sword was sent spinning away by the force of Bai Xiaochun’s blow.

这一幕，让落陈家族的众人大吃一惊，陈越双眼一闪，露出一抹吃惊，但很快目中杀意冰寒。
The Luochen Clan members were all greatly shocked. Chen Yue’s eyes flickered with surprise, but then quickly began to radiate icy killing intent.

“好一个深藏不露的家伙，在冥阵时，我就应该注意你了，你等不要理会其他二人，杀了他！”
“Nice. An expert in disguise. I should have noticed you back when you were in the Shadowhell Formation! Listen up everyone, ignore the other two and kill this guy!”

他话语一出，四周的落陈家族的族人，一个个目中杀意弥漫，瞬间冲向白小纯。
As soon as the words left his mouth, murderous looks appeared in the eyes of the other Luochen Clan members, and they began to close in on Bai Xiaochun.

在白小纯怀中的杜凌菲，此刻整个人呆住，还没等她反应过来，已被白小纯放在了一旁，他身体一晃，直奔落陈家族来临的族人而去。
Du Lingfei was in a bit of a daze as Bai Xiaochun held her in his arms. Before she could do anything, he put her down off to the side and then shot toward the incoming Luochen Clan cultivators.

白小纯的双眼血一样的红，他此刻早就忘记了死亡，忘记了一切，他的脑海里只有一个念头，救下侯云飞，救下杜凌菲，杀了面前这所有人。
His eyes were bright red, and it almost seemed that as of this moment, he wasn’t thinking about dying at all. In fact, he wasn’t thinking about anything except Save Hou Yunfei. Sav e Du Lingfei. Kill all enemies!

他的速度之快，瞬间就与落陈家族一个凝气六层的族人靠近，这凝气六层的族人掐诀间，一个小锥散出光芒，直奔白小纯狠狠砸来。
The nearest of those oppon ents was in the sixth level of Qi Condensation, and as he closed in, his hands flickered in an incantation gesture. In response, a glowing awl suddenly appeared, which shot viciously toward Bai Xiaochun.

“滚！”
“Screw off!”

白小纯大吼，右手猛地抬起，向前狠狠一巴掌扇了过去，呼的一声，那小锤子猛地颤抖，在与白小纯的手掌碰触时，光芒立刻碎灭，竟被一巴掌打飞。
Bai Xiaochun roared, unleashing a ferocious palm strike. The little awl began to wobble, and when Bai Xiaochun’s palm slammed into it, the glowing light shattered, and the awl was sent spinning away.

那凝气六层的族人看到这一幕倒吸口气，神色露出骇然，正要后退时，白小纯右手猛地掐诀一指，立刻他的木剑刹那飞出，如一道闪电，直接出现在了这凝气六层族人的面前，在他无法闪躲，甚至来不及反应的瞬息，从他的眉心蓦然刺去。
The cultivator who had summoned the awl gasped, and an expression of shock flickered across his face. Just when he was about to fall back in retreat, Bai Xiaochun performed an incantation gesture and pointed out. His woode n sword appeared and shot out like lightning. It didn’t matter that his oppon ent was in the sixth level of Qi Condensation, he was incapable of evading, and in fact, didn’t even have time to react before the sword stabbed into his forehead.

一声凄厉的惨叫传出，木剑直接穿透，带起一片鲜血时，在半空中转了一个弯，直奔另一个人。
A miserable shriek echoed out as the woode n sword stabbed all the way through him, coming out the other side in a spray of blood. Then, it circled through the air and headed toward the next enemy.

与此同时，一个凝气七层的族人身影一闪，掐诀间四周出现大量雾气，形成一个巨大的雾人将其身体笼罩后，直接靠近了白小纯，正要偷袭时，白小纯身体颤抖，可左手却猛地伸出，他的拇指与食指，黑芒一闪，竟无视这雾气的防护，一把穿透雾气，直接伸了进去。
At the same time, one of the Luochen Clan members in the seventh level of Qi Condensation performed an incantation gesture, causing mist to roil up around him, making him look like an enormous mist giant. Even as he closed in, Bai Xiaochun’s hand suddenly shot out, and his thumb and index fingers connected. Black light flickered, and the defenses provided by the mist could do nothing to stop the black light.

碎候锁！
Throat Crushing Grasp!

咔嚓一声，这位凝气七层的族人，身体外的雾气消散，他睁大了眼，看着面前抓着自己脖子的手臂，他的脖子，在这一瞬，直接断开。
Cracking sounds rang out as the mist dissipated. The cultivator’s eyes went wide at the sight of the arm grabbing his neck. Then, his throat was completely crushed.

这一切太快，从白小纯冲来，直至现在，也就是几个呼吸的时间，落陈家族的两位族人，就被他电光火石间，瞬间击杀！
Everything happened with incredible speed. Only a few breaths of time had passed since Bai Xiaochun had begun his charge, and already, two members of the Luochen Clan had been killed!

这一幕，让一旁后退到了杜凌菲身边的侯云飞，倒吸口气，眼睛睁大，露出前所未有的震撼。
Hou Yunfei, who had already fallen back to stand at Du Lingfei’s side, gasped, and his eyes went wide with shock.

杜凌菲已彻彻底底的呆住了，她看着眼前这个与自己记忆力截然不同的白小纯，她的呼吸急促起来，难以置信这就是怕死的白小纯。
Du Lingfei was completely and utterly taken aback. The Bai Xiaochun she was seeing right now was completely different from the one she remembered, causing her to pant in disbelief. Was this really the same Bai Xiaochun who was so afraid of dying?

就在这时，其他几个落陈家族的族人，终于杀来，这几人全部心惊，此刻都拿出了最强的杀手锏，呼啸间一把飞剑，一颗珠子，还有一个小鼎，直奔白小纯砸来。
At this point, the remaining shocked members of the Luochen Clan finally unleashed their killing moves. These were their most powerful trump cards, one being a flying sword, another a pearl, and the last, a little cauldron, all of which shot toward Bai Xiaochun.

赫然是三人联手！
Astonishingly, the three of them were joining forces to attack simultaneously!

这三人两个凝气六层，一个凝气七层，此刻出手时极为狠辣，不惜一切代价，趁着白小纯无法闪躲，蓦然击杀。
Of that group of three, two were in the sixth level of Qi Condensation, and one was in the seventh. Their combined attack was completely vicious as they went all out with everything they had to try to strike down Bai Xiaochun when he couldn't dodg e.

白小纯眼中露出血芒，在这三人临近，在他们的法器来临的瞬间，他整个人猛地缩成了一个球，背后那口一路上在杜凌菲看来可笑的大黑锅，此刻将白小纯的身体笼罩在内。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were glowing red as the three closed in on him. Even as their magical devices bore down on him, he curled his arms and legs up until he looked like a ball. Previously, Du Lingfei had mocked the big black wok he wore on his back, but now, it covered him up completely.

一声惊天动地的巨响猛地传出，那个凝气七层族人的法器小鼎，直接砸在了大黑锅上，这锅大黑锅颤抖，出现了无数的裂缝，可却没有崩溃，阻挡了小鼎。
The little cauldron which had been unleashed by the seventh level cultivator slammed into the black wok, causing a boom to echo out that could shake heaven and earth. Cracks spread out across the wok, but it held strong against the cauldron.

紧接着，那颗珠子蓦然临近，再次砸去，轰鸣中，大黑锅无法支撑，直接爆开，化作无数黑色的碎片，向着四周倒卷时，白小纯的身影从其内一冲而出，竟直接撞向那凝气七层的族人。
Next was the pearl. Rumbling sounds echoed out as it slammed into the wok. The wok couldn’t hold up any longer, and exploded, transforming into countless black fragments that showered out in all directions.

这凝气七层的族人是个中年男子，此刻面色大变，想要后退可却晚了，白小纯速度太快，整个人轰鸣而来，竟全部撞在了这中年男子身上。
Bai Xiaochun shot out from the wreckage, flying toward the seventh level cultivator. When the man saw Bai Xiaochun flying toward him, his face fell. He immediately fell back, but couldn’t move fast enough.

任凭这中年男子全身上下的防护之宝，也都无法阻挡，全部崩溃，咔咔的骨碎之声传出时，白小纯一把抓住中年男子的身体，用自己的头，狠狠地再次撞击。
None of the magical protective items the man had could do anything to stop Bai Xiaochun, who slammed into him, causing the cracking sounds of breaking bones to ring out. Instantly, Bai Xiaochun went in for another attack, butting him with his head.

轰轰轰。 “不！”
BOOOMMMM! “No!” screamed the man.

这中年男子鲜血喷出，目中露出绝望，无法挣脱。
Blood sprayed out of his mouth, and a look of despair filled his eyes, but he couldn’t break free from Bai Xiaochun.

此刻旁边的那两个凝气六层的族人，都被你这一幕吓到了，其中一人颤抖中操控飞剑，呼啸间直奔白小纯。
Off to the side, his fellow clan members in the sixth level of Qi Condensation were nearly scared out of their minds. Trembling, one of them sent a flying sword toward Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯红着眼，根本就不去理会那飞剑，再次撞击。
Bai Xiaochun completely ignored it as he once again lunged toward the middle-aged man.

直至飞剑临近，一剑刺在他的身上，可惊人的一幕出现了，这一剑竟无法刺入，连皮都没破，就被直接弹开。
The flying sword slammed into Bai Xiaochun, and in a completely shocking twist, it didn’t stab into him, but rather, bounced off and was sent spinning away.

与此同时，白小纯大吼一声，狠狠撞击之下，被他抓着的中年男子，发出凄厉的惨叫，直接气绝身亡。
Bai Xiaochun let out a roar, striking the middle-aged man once more. A bloodc urdling scream echoed out as the man died.

靠近白小纯的那两个凝气六层的族人，此刻看着披头散发，红着眼如凶兽一般的白小纯，头皮发麻，在白小纯看向他们二人时，这二人没有任何迟疑，蓦然后退。
To the other two clan members in the sixth level of Qi Condensation, Bai Xiaochun, with his bloods hot eyes and disheveled hair, looked like a wild beast. Their scalps began to tingle as he slowly turned to look at them. Without the slightest hesitation, they turned and fled.

不远处的陈越，更是被这一幕震撼，脑海轰鸣滔天，无法置信。
Off in the distance, Chen Yue was completely shaken by what had just occurred, and he could scarcely even believe what he had just witnessed.

第五十四章 道义在心！
0053 chapter-54

眼看那两个凝气六层的族人要逃走，白小纯掐诀一指，小木剑呼啸间，立刻从身边一个凝气六层的族人脖子上刹那飞过。
Seeing that the two sixth level cultivators were fleeing, Bai Xiaochun performed an incantation gesture, then waved his finger. His little woode n sword instantly flew through the air, slashing across the neck of one of the cultivators.

直至死亡，这凝气六层的族人目中，都带着前所未有的骇然与恐惧。
His companion's eyes instantly shone with an unprecedented level of astonishment and terror.

他们本应该是追杀者，可如今 却反了过来，成为了被击杀者！
They were the ones who were suppos ed to be doing the chasing and killing, but now the tables had turned, and they were being cut dow n!

短短的时间，白小纯连杀四人！
In a few short moments, Bai Xiaochun had already killed four people!

那方才联手围攻白小纯的最后一个凝气六层族人，此刻面色惨白，拼了全力倒退，心脏砰砰跳动，身体都在颤抖，他无法想象，眼前这个瘦小的，白白净净的灵溪宗弟子，居然 如此恐怖。
The remaining sixth level cultivator had an ashen face as he went all out to try to escape. His heart was pounding, and he was trembling all over. How could he ever have imagined that the slender, pure and fair Spirit Stream Sect disciple could be so utterly terrifying?

白小纯眼中露出凶芒，正要追击，可就在这时，忽然内心升起危机感。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone with a savage gleam, and he was just about to give chase when, all of a sudden, a sensation of danger welled up in his heart.

与此同时，杜凌菲焦急的声音，也在这一刻传来。 “小心！”
At the same time, Du Lingfei cried out urgently, “Watch out!”

白小纯身体蓦然后退，就在他退后的刹那，一个一丈大小，紫色的骷髅头，速度极快，瞬息出现在他方才所在的地方，蓦然自爆。
Bai Xiaochun immediately leaped backward. In almost the exact same instant, a three-meter tall violet skull shot into the area where he had just been standing, then exploded.

轰的一声，这自爆之力掀起的冲击，让白小纯全身一震，他的不死铁皮，首次感受到了疼痛，嘴角溢出鲜血，身体不断后退。
A boom rang out as the power of explosion blasted out, slamming into Bai Xiaochun. For the first time, his Undying Iron Skin felt pain, and blood even oozed out of his mouth as he flew backward.

出手的，正是那位凝气八层的陈越。
The person to attack him had been none other than Chen Yue, who was in the eighth level of Qi condensation.

他面色难看，目中带着凝重，救下了自己的族人后，身体一晃，直奔白小纯而去，他的身后，那两个凝气六层的族人，此刻狠狠一咬牙，也都跟随。
His expression was unsightly, and a very serious look could be seen in his eyes. After saving his fellow clan member from danger, he flashed through the air toward Bai Xiaochun. Behind him were two other cultivators, who were in the sixth level of Qi Condensation. They gritted their teeth and followed along.

三人直奔白小纯。
Three people were now charging toward Bai Xiaochun.

侯云飞挣扎的想要去帮助，可他本就虚弱，之前拼杀时耗费了最后一丝灵气，此刻嘴角溢出鲜血，无法出战。
Hou Yunfei wanted to help, bu t was simply too w eak. The attack he had made earlier drained him of the last scrap of spiritual energy he had, and blood was currently seeping out of the corners of his mouth. Unfortunately, he was in no state to fight.

杜凌菲也是重伤在身，此刻焦急中她看着白小纯，内心对于自己之前对白小纯的所有敌意，所有偏见，早就消失的无影无踪。
Du Lingfei had been seriously injured, and as she anxiously watched Bai Xiaochun fighting, she realized that all of the previous hostility and prejudice she had felt toward him were gone.

白小纯面色苍白，再次溢出鲜血，身体摇摇欲坠，速度也都慢了下来，陈越三人眼看如此，追击更近。
Bai Xiaochun’s face was ashen as more blood oozed out of his mouth. He appeared to be on the verge of collapsing, and had seemingly lost much of the speed he had been capable of earlier. Seeing that, Chen Yue and his companions closed in for the kill.

可就在三人靠近的刹那，白小纯忽然眼中凶芒一闪，之前陈越的术法轰击，塔的不死铁皮尽管无法全部阻挡，可也消散了大半之多，看似虚弱，嘴角还有鲜血，这一切都是他刻意装出。
However, as they closed in, a brutal gleam appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. While it was true that his Undying Iron Skin couldn't completely block Chen Yue’s attack moments ago, the truth was that it had absorbed the majority of the force of the attack. His current weak state, and even the blood oozing out of his mouth, were all an act.

此刻速度一下子暴增，不是倒退，而是以这种瞬间激增的速度，直接与陈越交错而过，他的目标 赫然是那两个凝气六层的陈家族人。
In the blink of an eye, he redoubled his speed. Furthermore, instead of retreating, he switched directions, passing Chen Yue toward his true target the two sixth level Luochen Clan cultivators.

陈越面色一变，正要阻挡，呼啸声蓦然回旋，白小纯的木剑直奔他这里临近，陈越掐诀一指，立刻身前出现骷髅头，轰鸣间无法阻拦白小纯。
Chen Yue’s face flickered, and even as he made to block Bai Xiaochun’s path, Bai Xiaochun’s woode n sword shot toward him. Chen Yue performed an incantation gesture and pointed out, summoning the same skull from earlier. Rumbling sounds echoed out, but Chen Yue was incapable of stopping Bai Xiaochun.

他眼中露出厉色，大袖一甩，立刻一个灯笼出现，直接化作一个火球，呼的一声直奔白小纯。
A fierce gleam appeared in Chen Yue’s eyes, and he waved his sleeve, causing a lantern to materialize, which expanded out in a fireball that sped toward Bai Xiaochun.

与此同时，那两个凝气六层的弟子骇然，发出惊呼，急速后退，可白小纯的身影已如闪电般，全面爆发，速度飞快，直接追上一人，右手抬起时拇指与食指黑芒闪耀，向着面前的陈家族人，狠狠一捏。
At the same time, the two weaker cultivators were crying out in shock and falling back in retreat. However, Bai Xiaochun moved as fast as lightning, and was almost instantly upon one of them, whereupon he reached out with his thumb and index finger, causing a flickering black glow to appear as he pinched his fingers together.

碎候锁！
Throat Crushing Grasp!

咔嚓一声，这陈家弟子惨叫中，脖子被白小纯生生捏断后，白小纯身后火球临近，高温扩散，他来不及闪躲，轰的一声，这火球直接落在了他的身前。
The nearest Luochen Clan cultivator screamed, and then a cracking sound echoed out as his neck was crushed. At the same time, the blisteringly hot fireball was closing in on Bai Xiaochun from behind, and there was clearly no time for him to jump out of the way. Instantly, it slammed into him.

爆发时，有一片火海将白小纯全身笼罩，这一幕让杜凌菲与侯云飞发出惊呼。 “白小纯！”
A sea of flames exploded out, surrounding Bai Xiaochun, and causing both Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei to shout out in alarm “Bai Xiaochun!”

不远处的那位凝气六层的族人，神色露出惊喜，他眼看白小纯被火焰吞噬，顿时大笑。
Further off, the surviving cultivator among the duo seemed delighted at the sight of Bai Xiaochun being consumed by the fire, and even started laughing.

可就在这时，火海内有一个身影，蓦然冲出，速度飞快，一瞬就靠近了着大笑的陈家凝气六层的族人面前，在此人睁大了眼，身体要后退时，被白小纯一脚落下，把脑袋砸进了身体内，连惨叫都无法传出，直接灭亡。
But then something barreled out from within the sea of flames to appear directly in front of that laughing cultivator. His eyes went wide, and before he could even retreat, Bai Xiaochun kicked down viciously, crushing the man’s head into his torso. He didn’t even have a chance to scream before he was completely dead.

做完这一切，白小纯气喘吁吁，他眼中血丝更多，全身上下多出皮肤出现烧伤，嘴角溢出鲜血，抬头时，死死的盯着此地最后一个陈家族人 陈越！
By this point, Bai Xiaochun was panting, and his eyes were even more shot with blood than before. Wounds riddled his body , and blood was oozing out of his mouth as he slowly looked up to glare at the last member of the Luochen Clan Chen Yue! Being stared at in such a way caused Chen Yue’s heart to prickle.

陈越被盯的心里发毛，他修为凝气八层，在整个家族里也算是天骄之一，虽不如少族长，可在族内也颇受老祖欣赏，平日里在落星山脉内与凶兽厮杀，经历数次生死磨练，自身战力不俗。
His cultivation base was in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and he could be considered one of the Chosen in his clan. Although he didn't quite have the status of crown prince, he had the approval of the patriarch and had experienced numerous deadly battles with beasts in the Fallenstar Mountains. Such deadly tempering had given him extraordinary battle prowess.

对于灵溪宗的弟子，他是瞧不上的，虽然对方的身份地位比自己高，可他一向认为，那些宗门内的修士，都是圈养的花朵，虽一个个神通不凡，可生死相斗时，绝不如自己。
As such, he completely looked down upon disciples of the Spirit Stream Sect. Although they far exceed him in terms of status, to him, cultivators from the big sects were like flowers in a flowerpot. Although they had extraordinary divine abilities, when it came to battles of life and death, they couldn't possibly match up to him.

但眼下，他在白小纯这里，却是感受到了恐惧，尤其是此刻白小纯的目光，甚至比他在落星山脉内遇到的那些凶兽还要可怕。
And yet now, Bai Xiaochun caused terror to well up inside of him. In fact, the moment that Bai Xiaochun’s eyes locked onto him, he felt more frightened than any time he had encountered a wild beast in the Fallenstar Mountains.

那目光内蕴含的凶残，似要将他生生吞噬一样，使得陈越心底不断升起寒意。
That gaze contained a ferocity that seemed to wish to consume him alive, and caused coldness to spread out in Chen Yue’s heart.

尤其是想到对方在短短的时间内，居然连杀六人，这种手段，让他心神被强烈的撼动，更让他觉得无法置信的，是他已然看出，对方的修为 居然只是凝气六层大圆满。
When he thought about the fact that this person had slaughtered six of his fellow clan members in quick succession, he was completely and utterly shaken. In fact, what was most unbelievable of all was that this person's cultivation base was merely in the great circle of the sixth level of Qi

“他的力气太大，速度极快，此人修炼了某种炼体之术，且修到了一定的程度，所以才可以一击杀人！”
Condensation. “He’s way too powerful and fast! He obviously cultivates some sort of body refinement magic, and has cultivated it to the level that he can kill people in one blow!

“尤其是他的防护，太可怕！”
“Furthermore, his defenses are terrifying!

“他虽没什么术法，可他操控飞剑绝非寻常之辈，不但速度超乎想象，每一剑的力量更是惊人，而那木剑也非同小可，品阶极高，所以才可以瞬杀凝气六层！”
“He doesn’t have any magical techniques, but his control over his flying sword is incredible. The sword not only moves with unimaginable speed, it’s backed with astonishing power. And that woode n sword is definitely no ordinary item. It’s obviously something so incredible it can kill someone in the sixth level of Qi Condensation!

“这种人物，必定是灵溪宗有名的天骄，可为何我之前从未听过他的名字，白小纯！”
“This guy must be a famous Chosen from the Spirit Stream Sect. How come I’ve never heard his name before? Bai Xiaochun!”

陈越心惊时，也升起了更强烈的战意，他右手一挥，立刻身前出现了三个拳头大小，玉石打造的骷髅头。
In his shock, Chen Yue felt a desire to fight burning within him. He waved his hand, causing three fist-sized jade skulls to fly out.

他的神色凝重，望着白小纯。
His expression was very serious as he looked over at Bai Xiaochun.

“我之前小看了你，现在不会了，就看看是你灵溪宗的术法厉害，还是我陈家的厉鬼杀道锋利！”
“I underestimated you, but that’s not going to happen again. Let’s see which is more powerful, the magical techniques of your Spirit Stream Sect, or the killer ghouls of my Luochen Clan!”

话语一出，陈越掐诀间，立刻他四周的三个骷髅头，纷纷如活了一样，发出低吼，不断地庞大，竟每个都达到了一丈大小，直奔白小纯而去。
Even as his words continued to echo out, Chen Yue performed an incantation gesture, causing the three skulls to suddenly begin to scream in very lifelike fashion. They also rapidly grew larger, until each one was fully three meters tall. Then, they all shot toward Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯呼吸急促，他此刻脑子里是空白的，没有任何思绪，早就忘记了死亡，有的只是要干掉对方的冲动。
Bai Xiaochun’s breath came in ragged pants. His mind was a blank, devoid of any thinking. He had forgotten about the possibility of dying, and the only thing he had was the impulse to cut dow n his oppon ent.

眼看那些骷髅头来临，他右手猛地掐诀，向前一指，小木剑呼啸而出，同时还有两把飞剑，也刹那出现，竟是操控三把飞剑，化作大量剑光，随着身体直接冲出。
As the skulls closed in on him, he quickly performed an incantation gesture with his right hand, then waved his finger, sending his little wooden sword screaming out, to be joined by two other ordinary flying swords. Instantly, massive amounts of sword light filled the area as Bai Xiaochun began his charge.

更有一片小盾在身体四周环绕，散出宝光。
There was also a little shield which appeared and began to fly around him, radiating magical light.

刹那间，白小纯的飞剑就与那些窟窿头碰到了一起，轰轰之声回荡时，他与陈越二人，都速度极快，激战起来。
A moment later, Bai Xiaochun and his flying swords slammed into the skulls, causing massive rumbling sounds to echo out. Instantly, fierce fighting broke out between Bai Xiaochun and Chen Yue.

陈越凝气八层，修为比白小纯深厚，可在力气与防护上不如，二人交战掀起巨响，竟一时之间不相伯仲！
Chen Yue was in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, with a cultivation base much more profound that Bai Xiaochun’s. However, in terms of power and defense, as the two fought, it became obvi ous that they were about even.

这一幕，让杜凌菲心头提了起来，她握紧了拳头，指甲陷入肉中都不觉得痛。
Waves of shock battered Du Lingfei’s heart. She was so nervous that her hands were clenched into fists, and her fingernails dug painfully into her palms.

那在小比时可恶的白小纯的身影不见了，取而代之的，则是此刻全身如铁血一样，与落陈家族陈越交战的白小纯！
The annoying Bai Xiaochun she remembered from the competition was nowhere to be seen. He had been replaced by someone with veins of steel, someone who was able to fight with Chen Yue of the Luochen Clan!

“我之前错怪他了 这才是真正的白小纯 ”
“I misjudged him This is the real Bai Xiaochun

“他的确是怕死，可他能回头与人拼死厮杀，他所需要的勇气，是寻常之人的无数倍大 ”杜凌菲望着白小纯，她的目中慢慢多出了神采。
“He really is afraid of dying, but to come back and fight to the death like he has done takes far more courage than that possessed by most ordinary people” As she looked at Bai Xiaochun, Du Lingfei’s eyes glowed with increased vigor.

“他哪怕害怕死亡，可心中却有坚持，有他的道义，不会因为害怕死亡而放弃伙伴 ”
“Even though he fears death, his heart is strong, and he has principles. Even if he is afraid of getting killed, he won't give up on his companions”

不多时，声响震耳欲聋，白小纯的三把飞剑，此刻碎灭两把，唯独木剑还在，而那三个骷髅头，此刻都黯淡无比，被伤了灵意，飞回陈越身边。
Ear-splitting booms rang out constantly. Before long, Bai Xiaochun’s two ordinary flying swords were destroyed. Only his woode n sword remained. However, the three skulls were much dimmer than before, and were clearly significantly damaged as they flew back to Chen Yue.


Bai Xiaochun took advantage of the oppor tunity that provided to launch another attack.

与此同时，白小纯趁机杀来，陈越喷出鲜血，闪躲不及，被白小纯的碎候锁，直接按在了手臂上，咔嚓一声，他的左手骨头直接断裂，虽然如此，可他口中却飞出一把小剑，直接刺在了白小纯的肩膀上，刺入一寸！
Blood sprayed out of Chen Yue’s mouth as Bai Xiaochun’s Throat Crushing Grasp latched onto his arm. Cracking sounds rang out as the bones were shattered. However, Chen Yue still managed to spit a tiny sword out of his mouth, which shot toward Bai Xiaochun and stabbed a full inch into his shoulder!

不死铁皮都难以阻挡，鲜血流下时，陈越立刻后退，可还没等他退后多远，白小纯不顾伤势，红着眼，蓦然追来，速度之快，掀起呼啸。
Not even the Undying Iron Skin could stop it, and blood immediately began to flow. Chen Yue instantly shot backward, but before he could get very far, Bai Xiaochun, eyes bloods hot and completely disregarding his own injuries, gave chase at top speed.

陈越面色难看，此刻危机中他狠狠一咬牙，掐诀一指眉心，身体立刻颤抖，全身气血翻滚，他大吼一声，猛地一拍额头。
Chen Yue’s face looked extremely unsightly as he clenched his jaw in the face of the deadly situation that was developing. He quickly performed an incantation gesture and then tapped his forehead, causing his entire body to tremble. Even as all of the qi and blood in his body began to surge violently, he slapped his hand dow n onto the crown of his head.

“白小纯，今日不是你死，就是我亡！”
“Bai Xiaochun, someone is going to die today, and it will be either me or you!”

若是换了其他时候，陈越早就不战了，可如今关乎全族大事，他必须要击杀白小纯，此刻一口体内的生命之血喷出，瞬间被那三个骷髅头贪婪的吞噬。
On any other occasion, Chen Yue would have already ceased fighting. But this was a critical moment for his clan, and he knew that he had to kill Bai Xiaochun. He quickly spit out some of his life blood, which was voraciously consumed by the three skulls.

“厉鬼狰杀！”
“Ghoul Bloodba th!” he howled as he unleashed his secret magic.

陈越低吼，展开了秘法神通，他面前三个骷髅头猛地双眼露出幽光，竟直奔陈越而来，疯狂的撕咬，眨眼间就把陈越的身体吞噬了不少的血肉，钻入他的体内。
The three skulls’ eyes began to glow with mysterious light as they shot toward Chen Yue and began to madly chew away at his flesh and blood as they tried to burrow into his body .

这一幕诡异，看的杜凌菲与侯云飞倒吸口气，与此同时，陈越发出凄厉之吼，身体颤抖，表情狰狞，身体外出现大量黑气，竟化作了一尊一丈多高的厉鬼！
The bizarre sight caused Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei to gasp. Simultaneously, Chen Yue let out a miserable howl. His entire body was shaking, and his expression was completely vicious as a black fog roiled out from inside of him, transforming him into a three-meter-tall ghoul!

“死！” 他声音森然，右手抬起向着白小纯狠狠一按。
“Die!” he roared, shoving his hand out as he shot toward Bai Xiaochun.

“是你死！”
“You’ll be the one to die!”

白小纯低吼，双手掐诀时一指半空，立刻他体内的灵气如脱缰的野马，蓦然爆出，在半空中飞快的勾勒出了一个巨大的鼎！
Bai Xiaochun howled. His hands flashed in a double-handed incantation gesture, and then he pointed up into the air. Spiritual energy roiled madly out of him, shooting up into the air to form the shocking image of a cauldron!

正是
This was none other than

紫气化鼎！
Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning!

第五十五章 少主陈恒！
0054 chapter-55

“紫气化鼎！”
“Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning?”

侯云飞与杜凌菲，同时惊呼，二人神色内都露出更强烈的震撼。
Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei were both shocked, and expressions of intense astonishment appeared on their faces.

尤其是杜凌菲，她已然掌握了举重若轻，清楚的知晓这紫气化鼎的难度，那是整个南岸，即便是紫鼎山也都没有多少人能掌握的神通。
That was especially true of Du Lingfei. Having mastered the art of Lightness- in-Heaviness, she knew how difficult Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning was, and that on all of the south bank, only a few people could do i t.

轰鸣间，这巨大的鼎，直接与那厉鬼砸到了一起，地面都震动了一下，那厉鬼发出凄厉之音，身体瞬间崩溃，化作无数黑气向着八方扩散，露出了其内奄奄一息的陈越。
Rumbling echoed out as the huge cauldron slammed into the ghoul. The ground quaked as it screamed and collapsed into numerous strands of black fog that roiled out in all directions, revealing Chen Yue.

陈越鲜血喷出，身体轰的一声落在了地上，他苦涩的望着那消散的大鼎，喃喃低语。
Blood sprayed out of his mouth as he slammed down onto the ground. Looking up bitterly at the huge cauldron, he murmured, “Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning”

“紫气 化鼎 ”说完，他挣扎的看了白小纯一眼，身体不动了，气绝身亡，他之前施展秘法，本就五劳七伤，此刻被紫气化鼎破了神通，就连饲养的厉鬼都碎灭，他又岂能继续活下去。
With that, he struggled to turn his head to look one more time at Bai Xiaochun before passing away into death. The secret magic he had unleashed inflicted serious damage on his internal organs. That, coupled with a blow from the Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning that destroyed even the ghoul, ensured that he had no hope of surviving.

直至死亡，他都睁着眼，望着白小纯。
Even as he died, his eyes were still staring at Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯眼看陈越死亡，身体一下子松弛了，体内灵气消耗太多，以至于头都晕了，仿佛泄了气的球，站在那里瑟瑟发抖，身体摇摇欲坠，他的面色惨白，有些不敢相信自己居然击杀了所有人。
Bai Xiaochun looked at the dead Chen Yue, and then suddenly sagged in place. His internal spiritual energy had been vastly depleted, leaving him dizzy and as weak as a deflated balloon. He stood there, shivering, swaying back and forth, his face pale. He almost didn't dare to believe that he had actually killed all these people.

回想方才的一幕幕，白小纯只觉得口中一甜，鲜血再次溢出。
As he thought back to the events which had just played out, he suddenly noticed a sweet taste, which was the blood ooz ing out of his mouth.

“我流血了 我 我差点就被干掉了！”
“I'm bleeding” he thought. “I I almost got killed!”

白小纯觉得全身上下都痛，尤其是肩膀更是抬起时剧痛难忍，皮肤很多地方都被烧焦，那种丝丝咧咧的疼痛，让白小纯想起之前的战斗，后怕的哆嗦了。
Everywhere hurt, especially his shoulder. There were also numerous burns all over his body , which pulsed with pain. As Bai Xiaochun thought back to the fight, fear welled up within him, and he trembled. “Why why did I come back?


That was so dangerous.

“我 我怎么就回来了 刚才一个不小心，说不定小命就丢了 我白小纯稳妥了小半辈子，这次怎么就冲动了呢 ”白小纯正后怕的有些后悔时，忽然的一个具备惊人弹性，凹凸有致，甚至带着处子幽香的娇躯扑了过来，直接到了他的怀里，正是杜凌菲。
I might have lost my little life I, Bai Xiaochun, am always careful in everything I do. How could I have been so impulsive?” Just as post-traumatic stress was about to hurl him into regret, something extremely soft and yet simultaneously firm leapt into his arms. He could feel curves, and could smell a delicate fragrance.

白小纯一愣，立刻表情肃然，一把抱住杜凌菲，淡淡开口。
It was none other than Du Lingfei. At first, he was surprised, but his expression quickly turned serious.

“杜师姐不怕，有我白小纯在，任何人也休想伤害你一丝一毫！”
Holding Du Lingfei tight, he calmly said, “Elder Sister Du, fear not. With Bai Xiaochun here, no one will be able to harm a hair on your head!”

说着，他的手不知觉的摸到了翘起的地方
Even as he spoke, his hand suddenly found itself resting on a soft, curved surface

“谢谢你，谢谢你 ”杜凌菲激动，眼泪流下，等反应过来时发现自己居然在白小纯的怀中，也察觉到了身后多了一只乱摸的手，脸顿时红了，赶紧退后几步，嗔怒的看向白小纯。
“Thank you, thank you” she gushed emotionally, tears streaming down her face. It took her a moment to realize that somehow she was in Bai Xiaochun’s arms. And then she realized what his hands were doing behind her, and her face reddened. She quickly backed up and looked at him angrily.

白小纯干咳一声，心中颇有回味，暗道这杜凌菲不愧是南岸五大美人之一，单单这身材，就足以傲视天下了。
Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat, savoring the sensation he had just experienced, and mused that Du Lingfei definitely deserved to be known as one of the top be auties on the south bank.

此刻侯云飞神色古怪，干咳一声，笑着看向白小纯。
A strange expression could be seen on Hou Yunfei's face. Clearing his throat, he smiled at Bai Xiaochun.

“白师弟，以后有的是时间去回味，落尘家族一定还会出动下一批追杀者，这一次，估计将是除了筑基老祖外的最强者，我们要抓紧时间逃走。”
“Junior Brother Bai, we’ll have time later to think about everything that has happened here. The Luochen Clan is definitely going to send more people to kill us, and this time it will most likely be the most powerful experts they have under the level of Foundation Establishment. We need to get out of here as quickly as possible.”

白小纯一听此话，顿时心颤，方才这些人，他拼了一切才胜出，一想到对方还会出动更多个如陈越般的强者，白小纯哆嗦了，面色惨白，四下乱看后，缩着脖子赶紧点头。
Bai Xiaochun shivered. He had just used every trick he had at his disposal to beat these people. The mere thought of anyone showing up who was more powerful than Chen Yue caused Bai Xiaochun’s face to grow pale. Looking at the chaos around him, he instantly .

“对对对，快走，我们赶紧逃！”
“Yeah. Yeah, you’re right, let’s get out of here, as quickly as possible!”

他说着，立刻就向前跑去，这一幕怕死的样子，与方才的铁血，形成了强烈的对比，可杜凌菲却不觉得厌恶，反倒觉得可爱，于是也跟了过去，看向白小纯时，想起对方救下自己以及方才铁战的一幕幕，目中神采更多。
With that, he instantly began to run away. He cut a very different image than the vicious fighter with veins of steel. However, this time, Du Lingfei didn't find it annoying, but actually rather charming. As she followed along, she thought back to the vicious fight he had gone through to rescue her, and the glow in her eyes grew stronger.

侯云飞摇头，将落陈家族的族人身上的储物袋都拿走，追上白小纯，递给了他。
Hou Yunfei shook his head. Quickly gathering up the Luochen Clan members’ bags of holding, he caught up with Bai Xiaochun and handed them over.

“白师弟，这些是你的战利品。”
“Junior Brother Bai, these are your spoils of war.”

白小纯也没细看，扔到了怀里，此刻他控制不住的哆嗦，脑海里唯一的念头，就是逃命。
Bai Xiaochun threw them into his robe without even looking at them. As of this point, he couldn’t stop shaking, and could only think of one thing fleeing.

落星山脉内，落陈家族地下的地宫中，在白小纯击杀了第一个落陈家族的族人时，血湖四周的阵法节点上，有一个节点轰的一声，直接碎裂，里面的血液也都干枯。
A short time ago Back in the Fallenstar Mountains, in the Luochen Clan’s necropolis, the lake of blood was surrounded by the various nodes that formed the spell formation. When the first Luochen Clan member fell to Bai Xiaochun’s hand, one of those nodes collapsed, and the blood i nside dried up.

这一幕，让四周的落陈家族族人，纷纷一愣，猛地看去时，还没等他们反应过来，紧接着第二个节点，第三个，第四个，第五个
This scene caused the Luochen Clan members to stare in shock. However, before any of them could react, the same thing happened to a second node, then a third, a fourth and a fifth

在那不断地轰鸣中，陆续的碎裂开来。
Rumbling sounds echoed out continuously.

这一幕，立刻让落陈家族的族人全部吃惊，一个个面色大变的同时，血湖内的落陈家族老祖，也都缓缓睁开了眼。
The Luochen Clan was completely in shock, and one face after another fell. Then, the patriarch in the middle of the lake of blood s lowly opened his eyes.

就在他睁开眼的瞬息，又一声轰鸣，从之前陈越所在的节点上，蓦然传出。
In that exact moment, a boom rang out from the node which Chen Yue had recently occupied.

“陈越 居然也都被斩杀！”
“I can’t believe that Chen Yue was just killed!”

“都死了，出去七个人，竟都死了！”
“They’re all dead. All seven people who were sent out have been killed!”

“这怎么可能，他们七人只是去追杀两个外门弟子而已，莫非灵溪宗知道了我们的事情，派来了筑基修士！”
“How is this even possible? Weren’t they going after two lowly Outer Sect disciples? Could it be that the Spirit Stream Sect knows about us, and sent a Foundation Establishment cultivator?”

四周的落陈家族族人，一个个再也无法忍住，全部哗然起来，甚至不少人都露出恐惧。
The Luochen Clan members couldn’t suppress their shock, and a huge commotion instantly broke out, along with looks of fear and terror.

“聒噪！”
“Pipe down!” said an icy voice, which cut through all of the clamor.

就在他们惊呼时，一个苍老冰冷的声音，从血湖内的老者口中传出，如一声天雷炸开，直接回荡在此地所有族人的心神内，使得众人身体一颤，一个个收声，忐忑的看向自家的老祖。
It was none other than the Foundation Establishment patriarch. His voice echoed out like a thunderclap, causing the rest of the clan members to tremble and look nervously over at him.

“逆天改命，驱除血脉中的印记，本就是我族千年内才有的一次机会，既已决定，就不要胡思乱想，若有筑基修士踏入老夫阵法内，老夫会第一时间察觉，如今 还没有筑基修士到来，更没有任何消息传出，你们慌什么。”
“The heaven-defying chance to change our destiny, to expel the seal from within our blood, is a chance we will only come across once in a thousand years,” he said slowly. “Since the decision has been made, there is no need to let our imaginations run wild. If a Foundation Establishment cultivator had set foot into the security spell formation I have set up, I would have detected it. As of this moment no Foundation Establishment cultivator has come, nor have any words been sent back.

老者缓缓开口，他的面色也很是难看，若非是此刻他主持这重要的阵法，无法亲自外出，必定会自己出去灭杀白小纯等人。
What are you people getting flustered for?” An unsightly expression could be seen on his face, were it not for the fact that he had to maintain the spell formation, he would have personally gone out to wipe out Bai Xiaochun and the others.

而一旦他外出，摆脱灵溪宗掌控的家族逆血阵法，就会功亏一篑，甚至反噬之下，他或许还可勉强活下去，但所有族人，会瞬间血液逆转而亡。
However, if he left, the Inverse Blood spell formation, which was the only way their clan could break free from the Spirit Stream Sect, would unleash a powerful backlash. Although he might be able to survive, the rest of the clan would find their blood f lowing in reverse, and would die.

“能将陈越等人击杀，不一定需要筑基修士，这两个外门弟子身上，要么就是有人隐藏修为，要么就是具备重宝！”
“It wouldn’t necessarily take a Foundation Establishment cultivator to kill Chen Yue and his group. Those two Outer Sect disciples were either concealing the level of their cultivation bases, or have some sort of rare magical items!

“即便是隐藏修为，最多也就是凝气八层而已，至于重宝 威力越大，凝气修士施展就限制越多。”
“Even if they were concealing their cultivation bases, at the most, they might be at the eighth level of Qi Condensation. As for magical items the more powerful they are, the harder they will be for Qi Condensation cultivators to use.

“恒儿！”
“Heng'er!”

老者目中精芒一闪，右手抬起一拍身边的血湖，立刻湖水强烈翻滚，竟从湖水内，慢慢升起一个穿着血袍的青年。
The old man's eyes glittered brightly as he slapped his hand down onto the surface of the lake of blood. Immediately, the blood began to ripple as a young man rose up from within, clad in a blood-red robe.

这青年俊美非凡，棱角分明，此刻双眼猛地睁开，露出一抹血光，使得整个人在这一瞬，气势骤然升起，竟在他的四周，出现了九个血色的模糊厉鬼，向着四方发出无声的狰狞嘶吼。
He was exceedingly handsome, with chiseled features, and as soon as he opened his eyes, they glowed with the color of blood. Even as his energy surged up, nine blood-colored ghouls appeared around him, which emitted soundless howls.

四周的落陈家族族人，一个个在看到这青年时，全部精神振奋，齐齐低头拜见。
When the surrounding members of the Luochen Clan saw the young man, excited expressions could be seen on their faces, and they clasped hands and bowed their heads. When the patriarch looked at the young man, his eyes gleamed with kindness and praise.

“恒儿，你身为我落陈家族的少主，更是家族内除老夫外的最强者，修为凝气九层 足以胜任此任务，你带九人一同前去，务必 将灵溪宗那三个外门弟子，全部击杀！”
His voice was soft as he said, “Heng’er, you are the crown prince of the Luochen Clan, and with a cultivation base of the ninth level of Qi Condensation, you are our most powerful expert next to me You are well-qualified to handle this task. Take nine people with you and kill all of the Outer Sect disciples of the Spirit Stream Sect!”

老者望着青年时，目中露出少见的慈祥与欣赏，语气也都柔和了一些。 “他们若不死，我不会回来。”
The young man , then coldly responded, “I won’t return until they're dead.”

青年目光冰冷，闻言点了点头，身体一跃飞起，四周的九个血色虚影在他的脚下形成了血雾，使得他腾云驾雾，飞出血湖，漂浮在了半空，点了九个家族族人后，十人蓦然离去。
He leapt up, and the nine blood-colored ghouls transformed into a blood mist that lifted him up into the air. One by one, he at nine other clan members, after which the ten of them left.

很快的，落陈家族的宅子内，十道身影呼啸而出，在那叫做陈恒的青年挥手间，每个人的脚下都出现了血雾，竟带着众人，全部飞行。
Soon, ten figures were speeding out of the Luochen Clan mansion. The young man named Chen Heng then waved his hand, causing blood mists to appear beneath all of their feet, after which they flew off at top speed.

速度之快，运非在大地奔驰可比，眨眼间就循着陈越等人死亡的地方，按照家族血脉指引，呼啸远去。
They moved with incredible speed as they used a clan blood tracking technique to head toward the area where Chen Yue and the others had been killed.

这十人，除了陈恒是凝气九层外，其他等人最弱的也都是凝气七层，其中更有五人与陈越一样，都是凝气八层。
Chen Heng was in the ninth level of Qi Condensation. As for the rest of the group, five were in the same level as Chen Yue had been, the eighth level of Qi Condensation. The rest were in the seventh level.

这种阵容，已是落陈家族此刻能出动的最强之力。
A squad like this was the most powerful force that the Luochen Clan could afford to send out at the moment.

也就是一炷香的时间，陈恒十人呼啸中冲出了落星山脉的丛林，出现时，已在了陈越七人死亡的地方。
After enough time had passed for an incense stick to burn, Chen Heng and his group burst out of the jungle of the Fallenstar Mountains to appear in the location where Chen Yue and his group of seven had died.

看着触目惊心的尸体，除陈恒外其他众人都神色一变。
The shocking sight of all the corpses caused the faces of the other nine clan members to flicker.

陈恒神色冰冷，望着地面上一具具尸体，尤其是看着那几个被捏断了脖子的族人，目中露出一抹幽芒。
However, Chen Heng looked coldly at the corpses, and especially at those whose necks had been crushed, and his eyes began to shine with a mysterious light.

“炼体之修！”
“A body refinement cultivator!”

他身体一晃，出现在了陈越的尸体旁，低头看了几息，若有所思，右手突然抬起，向着地面一按，双目闭合，很快他双眼蓦然睁开。
He suddenly flickered through the air to appear next to Chen Yue’s corpse. After studying it thoughtfully for a few breaths of time, he reached down, pushed his hand onto the ground and closed his eyes. After a moment, his eyes opened.

“有意思，竟是紫气化鼎的残余波动 ”
“Interesting. I can sense the lingering fluctuations of Violet Qi Cauldron

“这是一个法体同修之人，强悍的肉身之力，惊人的术法之威，难怪能斩杀陈越等人。”
Summoning “That means he simultaneously cultivates both magic and his body . With such shocking fleshly body power, and an impressive magical technique, it's no wonder he cut dow n Chen Yue and the others.

“此人应该是灵溪宗的天骄之一，上官天佑？
“He must be one of the Chosen of the Spirit Stream Sect. Shangguan Tianyou perhaps?

还是吕天磊？”
Or is he Lu Tianlei?”

陈恒眼中出现凶残之芒，在那光芒的深处，则是浓浓的战意。
A brutal gleam rose up in Chen Heng’s eyes, within which flickered a deep desire to do ba ttle.

“你等各自选择一个方向寻找，但有所察，立刻发出信号！”
“All of you pick a different direction to search in,” he said, his voice as cold as ice. “Once you track them down, send me a message immediately!”

陈恒起身声音冰寒，身边九人一个个低头称是，各自散开，全力寻找。
With that, the others in affirmation and then scattered in different directions. With a cold snort, Chen Heng picked a direction to begin searching, and flew off.

“阵法范围极大，没有半个月的时间走不出去，而你们 逃不掉！”
“The security spell formation is vast. You won’t be able to leave it for the next half month. You people are dead!”

陈恒冷哼，也选择了一个方向，蓦然飞出。


第五十六章 相依为命
0055 chapter-56

此刻已是第二天黄昏，白小纯三人飞奔疾驰，不时拿出传信玉简尝试，可始终无法联系宗门，尽管心急，可却没有办法。
At dusk on the following day, Bai Xiaochun and the others were still speeding along. Occasionally, they would make attempts to use their transmission jade slips, but never succeeded in making contact with the sect.

好在丹药足够，落陈家族被白小纯击杀的七人储物袋内，也有一些，虽然不如灵溪宗，可在如今这个时候，总比没有好。
Thankfully, they had plenty of medicinal pills. The seven Luochen Clan cultivators Bai Xiaochun had killed had all had bags of holding. Although the resources inside weren’t at quite the same level as what was available in the Spirit Stream Sect, at a time like this, it was more than sufficient.

在丹药的维持下，杜凌菲与侯云飞打起精神，压下伤势，与白小纯一起在夜色中前行。
With medicinal pills to bolster them, Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei were in high spirits. With their injuries under control, they managed to continue on through the entire night.

一路上白小纯胆颤心惊，任何风吹草动都会让他出一头冷汗，心神始终绷着，双眼血丝更多，尤其是身体上丝丝咧咧的疼痛，更是让他不时的呲牙咧嘴。
Bai Xiaochun trembled in fear the entire time. The slightest breeze or rustling leaf would cause sweat to break out on his forehead. His heart felt tight, and his eyes were completely bloods hot. He was also still sore from the fighting, which often left him gritting his teeth from the pain.

这疼痛不是不可忍，与他修行不死长生功时比较，远远不如，只是不死长生功的痛是为了修行，可如今，他看着自己身上很多地方血肉模糊，他担心伤势恶化，会危及生命，不由得愁眉苦脸。
It wasn't that the pain was unendurable. Actually, it didn't measure up at all to the pain he had felt while cultivating the Undying Live Forever Technique. What bothered him was the actual sight of the blood and wounds, and the fear that they might worsen and eventually become life-threatening. He couldn’t help but grimace in anxiety at the thought of it.

若是换了往常，杜凌菲一定轻蔑不屑，越发看不起白小纯，可眼下她态度完全逆转，目中露出柔和，在白小纯身边不断的安慰。
Back before all of this had started, Du Lingfei would definitely have mocked him for that, and thought less of him than before. But now, everything was different, and a warm look could be seen in her eyes as she continuously comforted him.

“没事的，白师弟不怕，这点伤看起来严重，可实际上不会伤害性命的。”
“It’s okay. Don’t be scared, Junior Brother Bai. This wound looks bad, but it’s not life-threatening.

“你别动，我给你擦一些药膏 ”
“Don't move, I’ll put some more medicinal ointment on it”

看着白小纯呲牙咧嘴的样子，哪怕在这危机中，杜凌菲也都掩口轻笑，那笑容里带着一丝说不清的思绪。
Seeing Bai Xiaochun wince in pain despite the critical danger they were in caused Du Lingfei to secretly smile. Within that smile were numerous undefinable emotions.

她知道白小纯怕死，可越是知道这一点，她就越是被白小纯之前的回归撼动心神，她觉得眼前这个白小纯身上，有一种远超旁人的勇气。
She knew how much Bai Xiaochun feared death, and it was that knowledge that left her so moved and shaken that he had returned. In fact, she even felt as if there were a superlative bravery lurking somewhere inside of him.

这种勇气，凝聚出了一个铁血的身影，在她的难以忘记。
That bravery could give birth to a figure with veins of steel, which was something she would never be able to forget.

在杜凌菲的安慰下，白小纯心底也忍不住得意起来，暗道自己这一次拼命，似乎还不错的样子，这杜凌菲小美人，居然对自己这么温柔。
With Du Lingfei constantly comforting him, Bai Xiaochun started to feel more and more pleased with himself, and was starting to get the feeling that taking such a deadly risk had definitely been the right thing to do. After all, it had resulted in the beautiful Du Lingfei treating him so warmly all of a sudden.

侯云飞看着这一幕，目中也有笑意，在这逃遁中，他们难得的拥有了一丝温暖，尤其是这种相依为命，更是让三人对彼此，关系更深。
When Hou Yunfei saw what was happening, he looked on with smiling eyes. Considering that they were all fleeing for their lives together, it was only natural that warm feelings would develop between all of them, and that they would become closer.

“若我们能回到宗门，白师弟，杜师妹，此恩，一生不忘！” 侯云飞凝重的说道。
“Junior Brother Bai, Junior Sister Du,” he said, his tone serious, “if we can make it back to the sect alive, then I’ll remember this kindness you’ve shown me, for the rest of my life!”

“若能回到宗门 ”杜凌菲目中露出憧憬，可很快轻叹一声，望了白小纯一眼，心底苦涩，她明白，自己三人此番能活着回去的可能 真的是微乎其微。
“If we can make it back?” A look of longing appeared in Du Lingfei’s eyes, but she quickly sighed and looked over at Bai Xiaochun. Pain rose up in her heart as she realized that the chances of the three of them getting back alive were miniscule.

白小纯也沉默了。
Bai Xiaochun sank further into silence.

时间流逝，一晃两天过去，三人几乎没有任何休息，全力疾驰，途中多次拿出传信玉简尝试，始终失败。
Time passed. Two days went by, during which the three of them continued along with almost no rest. Repeated attempts to use their jade slips all ended in failure.

侯云飞的伤势加重了，杜凌菲也是面色渐渐苍白，疲惫加上伤情，使得二人心神憔悴。
Hou Yunfei’s injuries were becoming more serious, as were Du Lingfei’s, whose face was becoming more and more ashen. Gradually, even their mental faculties were degrading.


Hou Yunfei sighed, turned to Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei and said, “It’s too bad we can’t just hide somewhere and weather the storm, but we really need to get word back to the sect.

“可惜我们无法躲藏，要尽快传信给宗门，那落陈家族的仪式按照我的估算，就快完成了，一旦完成 那位筑基老祖就会亲自出现，我们躲的在严密，也都必死无疑。”
Of course, if my calculations are correct, the Luochen Clan’s ceremony will be ending soon, and once that happens their Foundation Establishment expert will be coming after us. No matter how we try to hide from him, we would be killed beyond the shadow of a doubt.”

侯云飞轻叹，向着白小纯与杜凌菲说道。 就在这时，白小纯忽然神色一变，拉着杜凌菲与侯云飞，直奔一旁山坳，猛地蹲下。
It was at this point that Bai Xiaochun’s face suddenly flickered. Grabbing Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei, he leaped into a nearby ditch and squatted dow n.

侯、杜二人面色变化，立刻收声。
Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei both had very serious expressions on their faces, and they immediately ceased any chatter.

没过多久，忽然的，天空上有一道长虹呼啸而过，那长虹是一片血雾，雾气内有一个凝气八层的落陈家族的族人，正低头四下打量，因白小纯之前躲避的及时，这落陈家族的族人没有在此地停留太久，远远离去。
Before much time had passed, a beam of light appeared in the air up above , which was actually a blood mist. Within the mist was a Luochen Clan member in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, who was looking around carefully in all directions. However, because Bai Xiaochun had led the group into hiding, they weren’t noticed, and the Luochen Clan member proceeded along into the distance.

白小纯心脏怦怦跳动，看着对方远去的身影，目中血丝更多，可他明白自己不能出手，除非可以瞬杀此人，不然的话，怕是用不了多久，更多的落陈家族的族人就会出现。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart was pounding as he watched the cultivator disappearing. His eyes were completely bloods hot, and he almost wanted to jump out and attack the man. However, he couldn’t do that unless he was certain that he could kill him. Otherwise, other members of the Luochen Clan might show up.

“他们追上来了 ”杜凌菲心底轻叹，看着白小纯，犹豫了一下，正要说些什么时，却被白小纯一把拉住，向前疾驰。
“They’ve caught up” said Du Lingfei, sighing. She looked over at Bai Xiaochun and hesitated, as if there were something she wanted to say to him. However, before she could, he grabbed her hand and started running again.

一路三人越发沉默，四周的天地仿佛都压抑起来，让人心底升起强烈的不安，似乎死亡的阴影，越来越大，要将三人压垮。
The three of them said nothing as they proceeded along. They felt as if everything were weighing down on them, crushing down onto their hearts. The shadow of death loomed over them larger than ever, threatening to consume them completely.

“我们还有希望！”
“There’s still hope!”

侯云飞忽然说道。
Hou Yunfei suddenly said.

“那落陈家族的老祖身为筑基修士，虽强大远超我等，但他的阵法，不可能无边无际，我侯家老祖也是筑基修士，我曾有幸看到他老人家布置过一个阵法，可覆盖方圆万里，这还需要提前去烙印一些节点才可。”
“Although the patriarch of the Luochen Clan is a Foundation Establishment cultivator, far beyond us in terms of cultivation, his spell formation has to have limits. One of the patriarchs of my Hou Clan is also a Foundation Establishment cultivator, and I was once lucky enough to see a security spell formation that he set up. It could cover a distance of 5,000 kilometers, and required sealing certain spell nodes ahead of time.”

“侯师兄的意思，是说哪怕这落陈家族的老祖再提前准备，就算超过万里也不会太多！”
Du Lingfei’s eyes gleamed as she responded, “Elder Brother Hou, do you mean that even though the spell formation was set up ahead of time by the Luochen Clan Patriarch, even if it exceeds 5,000 kilometers, it won’t be by much?”

杜凌菲目中露出光芒，立刻说道。
“Exactly!” Hou Yunfei declared.

“没错，所以我们距离落陈家族越远，使用传信玉简联系宗门的机会就越大，只要把消息传回了宗门，我们就得救了！”
“Therefore, the further away we get from the Luochen Clan, the greater the chances that our jade slips will work. If we can just get word back to the sect, they’ll definitely send someone to save us!”

侯云飞坚定的说道。 “万里范围，按照我们的速度，差不多还需要天 ”白小纯喃喃，咬着牙，继续前行。
“5,000 kilometers,” Bai Xiaochun muttered, gritting his teeth. “At our current speed, that will take eight or nine more days to reach the border”

一路上他们躲躲藏藏，一连遇到了数次落陈家族族人的身影，每一次都在白小纯对危机特殊的敏锐中避开。
As they proceeded along, they were forced to hide on numerous occasions when Luochen Clan members neared. However, each time, Bai Xiaochun’s uncanny ability to sense danger kept them safe.

可这种精神的高度集中，再加上不停歇的飞奔，又拉着杜、侯二人，他的疲惫感越来越强，面色也慢慢苍白起来。
Considering how on guard he was, and the fact that he was pulling Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei along with him as they fled, Bai Xiaochun was getting more and more exhausted, his face more and more ashen.

而侯云飞与杜凌菲的伤势，也越来越严重，速度逐渐缓慢，到了最后，几乎是白小纯一个人拉着他们两个在前行
Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei’s injures continued to worsen, and as a result, their speed suffered. It eventually reached the point where Bai Xiaochun was virtually carrying both of them.

这一次白小纯更谨慎小心，他性格稳妥，心细如发，又对危险有敏锐，在他的警惕中，这一次一连熬过了三天。
Bai Xiaochun was more cautious than ever as he led them along for three days straight. Three days of running and hiding left Bai Xiaochun more and more drained.

这三天，三人躲躲藏藏，白小纯疲惫不堪，神色憔悴，在进入一处山谷时，没走出几步，白小纯心神忽然一跳，立刻带着杜、侯躲在一处大石后，可却慢了一下，有呼啸之音瞬间从天空传来，白小纯猛地一推二人，身体急速后退。
His face was gaunt as he led the group into a valley. However, after taking only a few steps inside, his face flickered, and he pulled Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei off to the side, where they hid behind a boulder. Unfortunately, they were a bit too slow, and moments later they could hear the sound of someone whistling through the air toward them.

轰的一声，一道白光刹那从半空落下，直接轰在了这块石头上，大石崩溃四散，侯云飞喷出鲜血，杜凌菲也嘴角鲜血溢出，就在这时，一声冷哼从天空上传来。
A beam of white light descended from midair, slamming down into the rock they were hiding behind, completely shattering it. Hou Yunfei coughed up a mouthful of blood, and Du Lingfei couldn’t prevent blood from oozing out of the corners of her mouth. A cold snort rang out through the air.

“原来你们躲在这里！”
“So, this is where you’ve been hiding!”

只见一个凝气七层的弟子，站在血雾上，左手拿着一片镜子，此刻右手一拍储物袋，手中出现了一枚玉简，正要传信。
A Luochen Clan cultivator appeared, standing on a blood mist. He was in the seventh level of Qi Condensation, and held a mirror in his left hand. As soon as he saw them, he slapped his bag of holding and produced a jade slip.


Just when he was about to transmit some information, Hou Yunfei cried out,

“不能让他传信！”
“Don't let him make contact!”

侯云飞焦急，杜凌菲面色苍白，正要勉强施展飞剑。
The ashen-faced Du Lingfei was just about to unleash a flying sword when

就在这时，后退的白小纯面色苍白，身体颤抖，眼珠子红了，狠狠的一咬牙，身体在后退时猛地一踏，他的右腿哆嗦，全部气血凝聚，轰的一声，他身后的地面直接碎裂，他的身体拔地而起，整个人飞跃，速度之快，化作一道长虹。
Bai Xiaochun, who had been slowly backing up, gritted his teeth and stopped in place. Eyes bloods hot, knees quivering, he focused his qi and blood, and then the ground beneath his feet shattered as he launched himself into the air, turning into a beam of light.

在那落陈家族的族人要传信的瞬间，白小纯已呼的一声，直接冲到了此人的面前，这罗陈家族的族人面色一变，来不及传信，立刻后退，掐诀间左手拿着的镜子突然光芒一闪，数道白光飞出，冲向白小纯。
Even as the Luochen Clan cultivator was about to transmit the information, Bai Xiaochun burst toward him with incredible speed. The cultivator's face fell, and he fell back, unable to successfully make contact. Performing an incantation gesture, he swung the mirror with his left hand, causing a beam of light to shoot toward Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯双目露出凶芒，竟没有丝毫闪躲，任由那几道白光轰在了身上，身体一个前冲，在那落陈家族族人骇然的瞬间，到了他的近前，右手双指黑芒一闪，直接卡住了他的脖子，狠狠一捏。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glittered with a ferocious light, instead of dodg ing, he allowed the white light to slam into him. His charge carried him forward toward the shocked Luochen Clan cultivator, whereupon he reached out with his right hand, touching his thumb and index finger together. A black light shot out and latched onto the cultivator's throat.

碎候锁！
Throat Crushing Grasp!

咔嚓一声，这凝气七层的族人睁大了眼，口中鲜血喷出，气绝身亡，直至死亡，他也没来得及传信。
A cracking sound rang out, and the cultivator's eyes went wide. Blood oozed out of his mouth, and he toppled over dead, the message to his fellow clan members unsent.

白小纯此刻嘴角也溢出鲜血，一把抢过对方的储物袋，回到了杜凌菲身边时，他身体一晃，险些摔倒，咬了一下舌头，强打精神。
Blood was also oozing out of Bai Xiaochun’s mouth as he collected up the enemy’s bag of holding, then walked back over to Du Lingfei. There, he trembled and almost fell to the ground, but gritted his teeth and managed to stay on his feet.

“走！” 他一把拉向杜凌菲与侯云飞。
“Let’s go!” he said, pu lling Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei along.

“放开我！”
“Let go of me!”

侯云飞忽然开口。
Hou Yunfei said.

“你们两个走，这样你们的速度会快上不少。”
“You two go. Without me, you’ll be a bit faster.”

侯云飞望着白小纯与杜凌菲，果断开口。
His gaze was one of determination as he looked at Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei.

“白师弟，你自己 ”杜凌菲深深地望着白小纯，侯云飞的这句话，在数日前她就想说了，此刻正要开口。
Du Lingfei looked deeply at Bai Xiaochun, and suddenly said something she had been contemplating saying for the past few days. “Junior Brother Bai, why don’t you go alone?”

“闭嘴！
“Shut up!”

我这么怕死的人都拼命了，你们不能让我白白拼命，要走一起走！”
Bai Xiaochun yelled. “I'm scared of dying, but I'm risking my life. There’s no way you two are going to make that sacrifice mean nothing!

白小纯怒吼，打断侯云飞与杜凌菲的话语，拉着侯云飞与杜凌菲，猛地冲出，二人沉默，没有继续开口，可那种感动，已深深在了心底。
Come, let’s go! Together!” Not giving them any chance to speak further, he pulled the two of them along. Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei didn’t say anything further, but they were more moved than ever.

白小纯更谨慎了，不断改变方向，数次避开了落陈家族的追杀，在又过去了三天后，黄昏时，天空有闪电划过，乌云弥漫，渐渐雨水落下，豆大的雨水洒落大地，使得整个天地都传来哗哗之声。
Bai Xiaochun was extremely cautious as he led them forward, constantly changing directions, and being careful to avoid the Luochen Clan cultivators when they got close. Three more days passed. It was evening, and the occasional bolt of lightning danced across the sky. Black clouds were forming, and rain began to fall, great bead-sized drops that caused splashing sounds to fill the air.

更有寒气扩散开来，侯云飞与杜凌菲身体一颤，被这寒气一激，面色更苍白了，白小纯焦急，知道二人熬不过寒气，于是找到了一处山洞，升起了火。
It started to get very cold, causing Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei to shiver, their faces were only getting more ashen. Nervousness clutched at Bai Xiaochun’s heart. Knowing that the other two wouldn't be able to survive in such bitter cold, he found a cave in a mountain, where he started a fire.

堵住火光不让光芒露出后，白小纯盘膝坐在那里，望着杜凌菲二人。
After sealing the entrance of the cave to make sure the light of the fire didn't seep out, he sat dow n cross-legged across from Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei.

火堆发出啪啪的燃烧声，散出的温暖，渐渐驱散了外面的寒冷，杜凌菲与侯云飞面色渐渐恢复了一些，可还是苍白。
The fire hissed and poppe d, and let off enough heat to gradually dispel the cold. A bit of color gradually returned to the faces of Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei, although they still looked very pale.

在这山洞里，三人沉默不语，都望着火，每个人的心中都升起疲惫。
The three of them sat silently in the cave, watching the fire, and stewing in anxiety.

“还有三天，我们就可以逃出万里之外了，哈哈，等我们回到宗门，立下这种大功，你们说宗门会怎么奖励我们？”
Finally, Bai Xiaochun chuckled and broke the silence, “In three more days, we should be able to pass that 5,000 kilometer mark. Hahaha! Just wait until we get back to the sect. This is definitely going to count as a big meritorious service.

白小纯呵呵一笑，打破了沉默。
I wonder what reward we’ll get?”

杜凌菲望着白小纯，目光柔和。
Du Lingfei looked at him, her gaze soft.

侯云飞想要笑，可张开口时，一口鲜血喷出，面色更为苍白，身体摇摇欲坠。
Hou Yunfei was about to laugh, but as soon as he opened his mouth, he coughed up some blood, and his face paled as he swayed on the verge of collapse.

这数日的逃亡，丹药都用完了。
After all the days of running, they had long since run out of medicinal pills.

白小纯立刻站起，刚要过去查看，忽然他神色一变，袖子猛地一甩，挡在了二人身前时，挡在洞口堵住火光的那些石块，此刻被人在外以大力，直接轰开！
Bai Xiaochun rose to his feet and was just about to go over and examine Hou Yunfei, when suddenly his face flickered. He waved his sleeve out to protect his two friends as the stone he had rolled into place to block the firelight suddenly exploded!

第五十七章 我们都要活下去！
0056 chapter-57

巨响回荡，石块激射，被白小纯挥散时，随着外面寒气的涌入，火堆摇晃，借助火光，可以看到山洞外，站着一个大汉。
A huge boom echoed out as the rock shattered. As Bai Xiaochun waved the shrapnel aside, cold air came rushing in. The fire danced, its flickering light revealing a tall, sturdily built man standing outside.

这大汉极为魁梧，手持一把长枪，眼中露出寒芒，一身修为凝气八层，看起来比那陈越还要强悍一些的样子。
He was muscular, with icy eyes, and a long spear in hand. He was in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and seemed to be even stronger than Chen Yue had been.

“少主判断的正确，如此寒雨天，你们有伤势在身，受不得寒气，定会躲避起来，陈某一连搜寻上百座山峰，果然找到了你们。”
“The crown prince was dead on,” he said. “With rain like this and injuries like yours, you couldn’t handle the cold, and were forced to find a place like this to hide. I had to search over a hundred mountains before I found you, but here you are.”

几乎在这大汉开口的瞬间，白小纯身体蓦然冲出，他眼睛露出凶残之意，瞬间就与这大汉交手，轰轰之声回荡，大汉看似狂傲，可心中始终警惕，根本就没进山洞，身体立刻后退。
Even as the words were still leaving the man’s mouth, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes blazed with ferocity as he leaped into action. Although the burly man seemed like the impulsive type, he was actually quite cautious.

眨眼间，白小纯就追出了山洞，在那雷雨交加中，在那雨水的洒落里，与不断退后的大汉战在了一起。
Instead of charging into the cave to fight, he actually fell back. In the blink of an eye, Bai Xiaochun was out of the cave and in the pouring rain.

可明显的，这大汉根本就不攻击，全力防护，白小纯眼见如此，内心咯噔一声，知道不妙，咬牙之下，不惜受伤，疯狂的厮杀过去。
Clearly, the burly man didn’t intend to actually fight, and was focused completely on defense. That caused Bai Xiaochun’s heart to begin to thump. He was getting a very bad feeling, and yet he gritted his teeth and ignored any possibility of injury as he charged forward in a mad attack.

寒风顺着山洞吹来，火堆熄灭，侯云飞挣扎要站起，可却再次喷出鲜血，杜凌菲银牙一咬，勉强操控飞剑，起身追出，在山洞外掐诀一指，帮助白小纯一起激战这大汉。
A gust of frigid wind blew into the cave, extinguishing the fire. Hou Yunfei tried to struggle to his feet, but then coughed up another mouthful of blood. Du Lingfei gritted her teeth and hobbled to the mouth of the cave, where she performed an incantation gesture and pointed out, sending a flying sword shooting toward the burly man.

片刻后，一声凄厉的惨叫在这雷雨夜里传出，那大汉的胸口，被一把木剑直接穿透，而他手中的长枪，也在临死之前，刺入白小纯的右腿，尽管没有穿透，可却刺入了小半。
A moment later, a bloodc urdling scream echoed out into the stormy night. The burly man had been stabbed through the chest by a woode n sword, and yet, in the moment before dying, he hurled his spear out, which partially stabbed into Bai Xiaochun’s right thigh. The burly man glared at Bai Xiaochun.

“你们逃不掉，少主很快就会到来！”
Groaning, he said, “You won't get away! The crown prince will be here soon!”

大汉死死的盯着白小纯，口中吐出鲜血，脑袋一歪，气绝身亡。
Then he coughed up a mouthful of blood, a nd his head slumped over in death. Bai Xiaochun’s face was pale, and he was trembling.

白小纯面色苍白，身体颤抖，为了尽快击杀此人，他不得不以伤换杀，此刻右腿传来阵阵剧痛，低头时雨水落在他的身上，整个人湿漉漉的，血水染红脚下地面，他半个身子都寒冷了。
In order to kill the man as quickly as possible, he had drawn upon so much energy that his injuries had worsened. Pain radiated up his right leg, and when he looked down, he saw the spear still embedded into his flesh. He was also soaked with rainwater, which intermixed with the blood to flow down onto the ground. He felt half frozen to death.

杜凌菲踉跄的跑了过来，看到白小纯的右腿，她的眼泪流下，到了近前，慢慢的帮白小纯将那把长枪缓缓的拔了出来。
Du Lingfei staggered over, and when she saw his leg, she began to weep. She reached out, grabbed hold of the spear, and gingerly pulled it out of his leg.

这中间的过程，如同是在撕裂血肉骨头，白小纯身体颤抖，可却没有哼出一声，对方死前的话语，还有明显拖延的举动，让他的心早已深深沉了下去。
To Bai Xiaochun, it felt as if his flesh and bones were being ripped apart. He trembled, but held back from shouting out. The dying words of his oppon ent, plus the fact that the man had obviously been trying to buy time, caused his heart to sink even lower than before.

他甚至都感受到了四周风声的波动，他明白，要不了多久，此番追杀来的所有的落陈家族族人都会出现。
He could even sense fluctuations in the wind that told him it wouldn’t be very long before more pursuing members of the Luochen Clan showed up. Du Lingfei threw his arm over her shoulder, and the two of them managed to get back into the cave. Bai Xiaochun kept the spear.

不多时，在杜凌菲的搀扶下，二人回到了山洞内，那把长枪被白小纯收走，山洞内，白小纯呼吸急促，他右腿酸麻，好在没有伤到骨头，此刻被包扎住，虽有影响，可如今生死危机，这些也算不得什么了。
Back in the cave, Bai Xiaochun began to pant. His right leg hurt, but thankfully the spear hadn’t stabbed into the bone. After binding the wound, he could still feel it, but considering the mortal danger they were in, it wasn’t a major issue.

“我们现在就走，落陈家族随时会来！”
“We need to go. The Luochen Clan could show up at any moment!”

白小纯深吸口气，站起身。
Taking a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun slowly rose to his feet.

再看侯云飞，此刻已是奄奄一息，数日的折腾，他的伤势压制不住了，杜凌菲整个人憔悴，她的经脉这一路严重下，已断了一些，之前帮助白小纯时，她是颤抖中咬牙才完成，此刻抬头，凝望白小纯。
He looked down at Hou Yunfei, and saw him laying there, struggling for breath. Their days of flight had been like a torment, and he was losing his ability to keep his injuries under control. Du Lingfei was sallow and wan. Her qi passageways had been severely injured, and some had even been severed.


It had been an incredible struggle for her to emerge and help Bai


Xiaochun in the fight earlier, and now all she could do w as look up at him.

夜色下，她的双眸很美，有种特殊的神采。
In the darkness of the stormy night, her eyes seemed especially beautiful.

“白师弟 ”
“Junior Brother Bai” she said softly.

“不要管我们，你的速度快，你自己 走吧！”
“Forget about us. You’re much faster on your own G o!”

杜凌菲柔声开口，一旁的侯云飞也挣扎的坐起，疲惫的望着白小纯，点了点头。
Off to the side, Hou Yunfei struggled into a sitting position. Looking exhaustedly at Bai Xiaochun, he in agreement.

“还有三天我们就可以逃出万里外，你们闭 ”白小纯眼睛通红，话语还没说完，就被侯云飞虚弱的打断。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bloods hot as he said, “We can get out of the 5,000 kilometer area in only three days, guys, shut your m” Before he could finish his sentence, Hou Yunfei cut him off.

“白师弟，你逃出去后，传信给宗门，我和杜师妹或许还有一丝生机 ”
“Junior Brother Bai, you escaping and getting word to the sect is the best chance Junior Sister Du and I have”

白小纯惨笑，这种谎言，他又不是三岁孩童，岂能相信，他很明白，等自己逃出去后，等宗门到来时，哪怕再快 侯云飞与杜凌菲，也都必死无疑。
Bai Xiaochun chuckled bitterly. He was no three-year-old child to believe a lie like that. He knew that even if he did escape and get word to the sect, by the time anyone arrived to help Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei would already be dead. Seeing that Bai Xiaochun seemed determined to stay, Hou Yunfei started laughing.

“也好，我死了，你就能走了。”
“Fine. If I die, then you’ll leave, right?”

眼看白小纯似要拒绝，侯云飞忽然笑了。 白小纯内心一颤，眼看侯云飞全身不多的灵气震动，似要自碎经脉。
A tremor ran through Bai Xiaochun as he realized that Hou Yunfei was stirring his last bit of spiritual energy as if to destroy his own qi passageways.

“白师弟，你走，还是不走！” 侯云飞平静的望着白小纯。
Hou Yunfei looked at him calmly and continued, “Junior Brother Bai, are you going to go, or not?”

白小纯悲哀欲绝，身体退后几步，望着侯云飞与杜凌菲，他的苦涩复杂到了极致。
Bai Xiaochun was miserable and heartbroken. He took a few steps backward, mixed emotions on his face as he stared at Hou Yunfei and Du

“如果 还有希望，如果 还有来生，我希望能有一个重新认识你的机会 白师弟 活下去！”
Lingfei.

杜凌菲挽了一下被寒风吹起，漂在面前的发丝，别到了耳后，秀脸在这一刻尽管苍白，可却有比以往更动人的美丽，凝望白小纯，轻声喃喃。
A gust of wind blew a strand of Du Lingfei’s hair across her face. She tucked it behind her ear and looked at Bai Xiaochun. Although her face was ashen, somehow, she looked even more beautiful than ever.

活下去这三个字在传出的刹那，白小纯身体猛地震动，仿佛是被一个重锤，轰在了胸口，让他觉得胸口很痛，他怔怔的望着杜凌菲，望着侯云飞，沉默下来，半晌后他不知道自己是什么思绪，一言不发，身体蓦然后退，消失在了二人的面前，出了山洞，在那雷雨中直接飞跃到了半空。
Her voice soft, she murmured, “I hope if there’s another life after this one that I’ll have the chance to meet you again Junior Brother Bai you have to stay alive!” The instant Bai Xiaochun heard the words “stay alive,” a violent tremor ran through him, and he felt as if he had been struck in the chest by a hammer. Taking another long look at Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei, he finally turned and walked out of the cave, unsure of what exactly he was feeling inside. A moment later, he was speeding through the stormy night.

眼看白小纯选择了离去，侯云飞心底一松，杜凌菲默默凝望，目中露出祝福与诀别，她真的希望 可以时光倒流，回到当初第一次看到白小纯时，那样的话，她就可以重新的去 认识白小纯。
Seeing that Bai Xiaochun had finally chosen to leave, Hou Yunfei let out a soft sigh. Du Lingfei watched him leave, wishing him the best in her heart. She truly wished that she could make time flow in reverse, that she could return back to the time when she had first met Bai Xiaochun.

四周寂静，可就在这时，突然的，侯云飞与杜凌菲，凝望山洞外半空中白小纯时，面色猛地大变。
Everything was quiet for a moment, but then Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei suddenly looked out in Bai Xiaochun’s direction, and their faces flickered.

只见半空中的白小纯，他的修为在这一瞬，轰然爆发，体内灵气不断的释放出来，向外扩散时，就连那些雨水都被扭曲。
His cultivation base was erupting with power, his internal spiritual energy surging outward, even causing the rainwater to distort.

如同是黑夜中的熊熊燃烧的火把，就连冰寒的雨水也都无法将其浇灭，距离很远都可以清晰的感受。
He was like a brightly burning torch on a dark night that not even the coldness brought by the rain could dispel. Even someone very far away would be able to sense it.

天空闪电雷霆轰鸣而过时，这四方冲向此地的落陈家族的族人，全部察觉。
Lightning snaked across the sky as Luochen Clan cultivators from several different directions suddenly sensed Bai Xiaochun.

尤其是陈恒，更是目光一闪，这一刻所有人都被白小纯吸引。
Chen Heng’s eyes glittered as he looked in the direction of the upsurge of power.

白小纯身体一晃，蓦然向着远处疾驰冲击，飞跃山洞所在山峰时，杜凌菲与侯云飞的身边，传来白小纯低沉中带着坚决的声音。
Bai Xiaochun flickered into motion, flying up the mountainside past the cave. As he flew by, Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei could hear him whispering something to them.

“我引走他们，你们找机会 快走！”
“I’ll get their attention. You two find a way to escape Come on, go!”

杜凌菲眼泪流下，她的心底此刻翻起滔天大浪，侯云飞更是身心全都在颤动。
Tears began to stream down Du Lingfei’s face as her heart was battered by incredible waves of emotion. Hou Yunfei was likewise shaken.

与此同时，白小纯速度之快，爆发出了全力，向着另一个方向，呼啸而去。
At the same time, Bai Xiaochun burst out with incredible speed as he picked a different direction to flee in. Bai Xiaochun sped along, cackling madly and crying out at the top of his lungs, “Dead!

“都死了，都死了，落陈家族，我灭不了你们家族，可灵溪宗，一定会到来灭你全族！”
They’re dead! Luochen Clan, I can’t wipe all of you out, but the Spirit Stream Sect will definitely come and kill you all!”

白小纯一边飞奔，一边发出凄厉的惨笑，疯狂的声音，在这一刻蓦然传出，他冲去那处方向，看起来似乎一样可以逃出万里范围，且他给人的感觉，明显是同伴全部死亡，已然歇斯底里，哪怕自身灭亡，也要冲出去传出信息，为同伴复仇的模样。
He appeared to be heading in a direction which would quickly lead out of the 5,000 kilometer area. Furthermore, from the way he was yelling, it seemed obvious that his two compatriots were dead, and that he was hysterical. Even if he might die in the attempt, he would break out and pass word to the sect, to make sure that revenge was had.

这一幕，让陈恒面色一变，哪怕知晓或许有诈，可白小纯速度太快，他不敢去拿家族的命运来赌。
Chen Heng instantly realized what was happening, and his face flickered. Although he couldn’t be sure whether or not Bai Xiaochun was putting on an act, he could tell that, based on his current speed, he could succeed. Chen Heng definitely didn’t dare to gamble with the fate of his sect by ignoring the threat.


He immediately transmitted a message to the other Luochen Clan cultivators.

“先集全力击杀此人，至于他的同伴，就算真的没死也必定重伤，杀了此人后再去寻找！”
“Everyone kill him! Even if his friends aren’t dead, they're definitely seriously injured. We can track them dow n after we kill this one!”

所有人都爆发全部速度，轰轰间，在这雷雨内向着白小纯，全部追杀过去。
All of the Luochen Clan cultivators shot through the rain at top speed toward Bai Xiaochun.

雷雨交加，天地闪电轰鸣，片刻后，漆黑的山洞内，杜凌菲狠狠一咬牙，擦去眼泪，她的目中露出强烈的坚决。
Lightning crashed and rain fell. Back in the darkness of the cave in the mountain, Du Lingfei gritted her teeth and wiped the tears off of her cheeks. Then, her eyes began to glow with determination.

她知道唯一救白小纯的方法，就是自己冲出这片范围，将消息传回宗门。
She knew that the only way to save Bai Xiaochun was to escape the 5,000 kilometer area and get word back to the sect.

此刻她看向侯云飞，侯云飞目中露出一样的坚定。
She looked over at Hou Yunfei, whose eyes flickered with the same determination as hers.

“不用扶我，我们分成两路，无论是谁第一个冲出去，都立刻让宗门来救白师弟！”
“Don't worry about me,” he said. “Let’s split up. Whichever of us gets out first can bring help from the sect to save Junior Brother Bai!”

侯云飞已决定，哪怕自己死，只要有最后一口气，也要冲出去，让宗门救白小纯。
Hou Yunfei was determined to use his last bit of energy to try to break out and get help for Bai Xiaochun, even if he died in the process.

二人深吸口气，冒雨冲出，在山洞外分开，向着远处拼了一切的飞奔而去，他们的身体已到了极致，可他们的意志，在这一刻似乎超越了身体的界限，成为了一股强烈的执着。
The two of them took deep breaths and then ran out into the rain, splitting up and heading in two different directions, calling upon all the strength they could manage. They were already on the verge of collapsing, but by sheer force of willpower, they managed to exceed the limits of their bodi es.

雷声轰鸣，闪电划过，白小纯此刻全力狂奔，右腿早已失去了知觉，此刻他眼睛通红，死亡的危机充斥全身。
Thunder boom ed and lightning fell. Bai Xiaochun was speeding along as fast as he could. He had already lost sensation in his right leg, and his eyes were crimson. A sensation of deadly crisis thrummed in every inch of his body .

他害怕，他怕死，他觉得死亡已快要追上自己，要将自己拖入深渊。
He was scared, terrified of dying, certain that death was right on his heels, on the very brink of swallowing him up.

他不知道自己方才的举动是不是冲动了，也不知道自己会不会后悔，毕竟他修仙的目的，是为了长生，这些他没有答案。
He wasn't sure if his actions just now had been impulsive or not, or whether or not he might regret his decision. After all, the purpose of immortal cultivation was to live forever.

甚至在这一路上，他的心底也有一个声音在告诉自己 独自逃走吧
In fact, there was still a voice in his head telling him to run away on his own

他只是忘记不了这段日子的相依为命，同生共死，忘记不了脑海里，侯云飞以死来要挟自己，让自己逃命的身影，忘记不了杜凌菲苍白的脸上，那比往常更美丽的笑容。
However, he couldn’t forget the feeling of what it was like to be struggling with his two friends to survive. That feeling of facing the danger as a team was something he couldn’t get rid of. He couldn't forget how Hou Yunfei had threatened to kill himself to get Bai Xiaochun to leave, nor the beautiful smile on Du Lingfei’s ashen face.

在怕死与情谊之间，他选择了后者！
If he could only pick fear of death, or loyalty to friends, he would pick the latter!

“杜师姐，侯师兄，我们都要活下去！”
“Elder Sister Du, Elder Brother Hou, you have to stay alive!”

白小纯咬了咬牙，玩命的飞奔。
Gritting his teeth, he flew onward with reckless abandon.

“落陈家族，你们如此赶尽杀绝，那么就来吧！”
“You want to wipe us out, Luochen Clan? Alright, bring it on!”

白小纯眼中露出凶芒，好似绝境之中伸出利爪的野兽。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glowed with savage fury, like a caged animal ready to fight for its life.

第五十八章 困兽犹斗！
0057 chapter-58

雨夜，雷鸣轰隆，闪电划过苍穹，使得天地忽明忽暗，巨响回荡，豆大的雨滴不断的洒落大地，发出哗哗之音。
Rain fell in sheets, thunder crashed, and lightning danced across the sky. The world was a mix of darkness and light, filled with rumbling boom s and the sound of raindrops smacking onto the ground.

远远看去，整个天地间都笼罩在雨幕内，一片模糊，滋生无边肃杀。
From a distance, everything seemed to be a haze of rain, completely somber and desolate.

地面上，白小纯身体颤抖，双眼赤红，正爆发出全部速度，飞奔前行，时而狠狠一踏地面，顿时跃起，一路如离弦的利箭，呼啸而去。
Bai Xiaochun trembled as he sped forward with all the speed he could muster. He flew along, feet pounding the ground, occasionally leaping into the air over some obstacle. He was like an arrow loosed from the bowstring, whistling through the air.

“活下去，我们都要 活下去！”
“Have to stay alive,” he muttered. “You guys have to stay alive!”

白小纯哆嗦，口中不断说着这句话，杜凌菲与侯云飞的身影，在他的脑海里浮现。
That was what he kept repeating to himself as the images of Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei continued to flash in his mind.

死亡的阴影降临，似与雨水融在一起，使得四周越发的冰寒。
The shadow of death loomed, fusing with the rain, making everything around him seem even colder than usual.

在他的四周，此刻从各个位置，有九道身影，正急速追击，尤其是陈恒，他虽距离最远，在众人之后，可速度却极快，正从远方化作长虹，一路穿梭雨幕，越来越快，那雨幕在他的面前，竟发出阵阵音爆之声。
By this point, roughly nine figures were speeding toward him from various directions. The furthest person away from him was Chen Heng, but he was also the fastest. He was like a beam of light stabbing through the sheets of rain, moving faster and faster, causing rumbling sounds to echo out.

“你逃不掉，没有人可以逃出我落陈家老祖布置的阵法！”
“You can’t escape! Nobody can escape from our patriarch’s spell formation!”

陈恒眼中杀机一闪。
Killing intent flickered in Chen Heng’s eyes.

这一路追杀对方三人，就算是他也没想到，这几个灵溪宗的外门弟子，居然这么能逃，如今还有数日，甚至就可以逃出老祖阵法范围，尤其是此刻正被自己追杀之人，修为不俗，能击杀陈越不说，这一路还灭杀了他带来的几个陈家族人。
He had never imagined that three Outer Sect disciples of the Spirit Stream Sect would manage to evade him for so many days, and in fact, even get close to the border of the spell formation set up by his Patriarch. As for the disciple they were currently closing in on, he had a profound cultivation base, sufficient to not only strike down Chen Yue, but numerous other members of the Luochen Clan.

这让他更为确定，对方必定是灵溪宗南岸声名赫赫的上官天佑、吕天磊这二人之一，毕竟这片范围，属于南岸掌控，北岸一般情况下不会出现。
He was now more convinced than ever that this person was one of the famous Chosen from the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect, either Shangguan Tianyou or Lu Tianlei. After all, when it came to the affairs of the south bank, the north bank usually wouldn’t interfere.

“灵溪宗天骄 ”陈恒目中杀机更强，甚至还隐隐出现了兴奋之意。
“Spirit Stream Sect Chosen” Chen Heng thought, eyes glittering with killing intent, and even a spark of amusement.

雷霆轰鸣，白小纯咬牙疾驰，他的呼吸急促，他体内的灵气正快速的消耗，天地一片模糊，仿佛一尊远古凶兽张开大口，遮盖了四方苍穹。
Rumbling thunder filled the air as Bai Xiaochun sped along with gritted teeth. He was panting, and his internal spiritual energy was fading quickly. Because of the rain, it was hard to see anything, and he almost felt as if some primordial ancient beast had swallowed up Heaven and Earth.

猛然间，白小纯蓦然抬头，血色的目中，凶悍顿起，看向前方时，他前方数十丈外，雨水突然波动，一股大力砰砰传出，竟让无数雨滴碎裂，直奔白小纯扑面而来。
Suddenly, Bai Xiaochun looked up with bloods hot eyes, looking fiercely at certain fluctuations in the rainwater a few dozen meters up ahead. Popping sounds rang out as countless raindrops then exploded and shot toward Bai Xiaochun.

在那雨幕后，赫然出现了此番第一个拦击白小纯的落陈家族族人！
Behind that sheet of rain was the first Luochen Clan member who had arrived to intercept Bai Xiaochun!

那是一个中年男子，他脸上有一道疤痕，整个人看起来很是凶恶，一身修为凝气七层大圆满，此刻迈步来临，右手中拿着一把巨大的战斧，如一阵狂风，在临近的瞬间，大吼一声，双手持斧，迎面向着白小纯，狠狠一斩！
He was a middle-aged man, and the ugly scar which ran down his face made him look extremely ferocious. On top of that, he had a cultivation base in the great circle of the seventh level of Qi Condensation. He shot toward Bai Xiaochun, hefting a gigantic battle-axe in his right hand.


As he closed in, he gripped the haft of the axe with both hands, lifted it high into the air, and swung it dow n viciously toward Bai Xiaochun!

“给我滚回去！” 中年男子声音如闷雷炸开，回荡四方。
“You’re not going one step further!” the man barked, his voice booming like thunder.

白小纯双目发赤，身体竟没有半点停顿，在对方斧头落下的刹那，一头冲去，左手蓦然抬起，直接去按向斩来的斧头！
Bai Xiaochun didn't hesitate for even a moment. As the axe descended, he sped forward, shooting his left hand out toward the axe itself!

中年男子冷笑，双手凝聚修为更多，使得斧头在落下时，掀起狂风。
The middle-aged man laughed coldly, pouring more cultivation base power into his hands, causing the axe to scream madly through the air toward Bai

白小纯的左手在抬起的刹那，黑芒一闪，不死铁皮在这一刻爆发，使得他的左手看起来，已成黑色，瞬间就与斧头碰到了一起。
Xiaochun. In the instant that Bai Xiaochun extended his left hand, a black flicker of light could be seen as his Undying Iron Skin was unleashed. Even as his left hand made contact with the axe head, it turned completely pitch black.

轰的一声，白小纯的左手，一把抓在了斧刃上，力道之大，竟使得四周的雨水全部翻滚四溅。
A boom rang out as Bai Xiaochun’s left hand clamped onto the axe with such incredible force that the surrounding rainwater began to vibrate, and then exploded into a haze.

剧痛传来，鲜血留下，可不死铁皮的强悍，尤其是此刻被白小纯全力展开，使得他的手掌虽有鲜血溢出，可却没有断裂。
Pain exploded out within him, and blood flowed, and yet the power of his Undying Iron Skin kept his hand safe, albeit injured.

中年男子皱起眉头，用力一拽，可白小纯的手如铁钳一样，死死的扣住了大斧，这中年男子一拽之下，竟无法撼动丝毫。
The middle-aged man frowned, then tried to jerk his axe away. However, Bai Xiaochun’s grip was like an iron vice that kept the giant axe completely locked down, no matter how the middle-aged man struggled, he couldn't move it even a teeny bit.

这一幕，立刻让这中年男子面色一变，他抬头时，看到的是靠近自己的白小纯，目中的疯狂！
The man’s face flickered, and then he looked up and realized that Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were blazing with flames of madness!

这种疯狂，他从来没有在任何人身上看到过，只在落星山脉内的那些处于绝境的凶兽目中，似曾相识。
It was a madness that this man had only ever seen within the eyes of various wild beasts in the Fallenstar Mountains.

这一幕，让中年男子内心猛地咯噔一声，全身上下瞬间出现了数道防护之光，双手没有任何迟疑松开斧头，身体蓦然后退。
The man’s heart instantly began to pound, and in the blink of an eye, the glow of defensive shields sprang up around him. Without any hesitation, he let go of the axe and fell back.

他快，可白小纯 更快！
He was fast, but Bai Xiaochun was faster!

白小纯左手在扣住这大斧的瞬间，右手一样出现黑芒，在闪电划过天空的刹那，他漆黑的右手直接就出现在了这中年男子的面前。
Even as his left hand maintained its grip on the axe, his right hand flared with black light, and simultaneously shot out toward the middle-aged man.

刹那临近，穿透中男子身体外的防护之光，咔咔之声回荡时，那些防护之光一一碎开，白小纯的右手势如破竹，瞬间就穿透一切，更是在这一刻，似乎于白小纯这种极致的状态下，他的碎喉锁与平常出现了不同！
His hand pierced through the man’s defensive shields, causing cracking sounds to ring out as one layer after another was destroyed. Bai Xiaochun cut through them like a razor-sharp blade through bamboo. At the same time, because of the current state Bai Xiaochun was in, his Throat Crushing Grasp suddenly did something it had never done before.

竟然 有一股吸力，从他的手掌内爆发出来，使得中年男子的退后，猛地一顿，还没等他反应过来时，眼前的世界，已被白小纯右手的黑色，彻底取代！
Unexpectedly a gravitational force appeared, causing the middle-aged man to lurch to a stop. Before he could even react, his entire world was completely superseded by Bai Xiaochun’s pitch-black hand!

轰的一声，白小纯的右手直接就卡在了中年男子的脖子上，面部凶狠的狠狠一掐！
A boom rang out as Bai Xiaochun’s hand clamped onto the man’s throat and then clenched dow n hard!

咔擦一声！
CRACK!

中年男子目中露出无法置信，口中鲜血溢出，甚至都无法传出惨叫，随着脖子内所有的骨头在这一刻被生生捏碎，他的头颅立刻拉耸下来，气绝身亡！
A flicker of disbelief passed through the man’s eyes, and then blood oozed out of his mouth. There was no time for him to scream as the bones in his neck were crushed. Then, his head sagged to the side. He was dead!

直至临死，他都双眼都带着骇然，他虽知道对方强悍，也始终有准备，方才出手不是为了击杀对方，而是要去阻挡周旋，拖延时间，可却没想到，这瘦小的灵溪宗外门弟子，居然强悍到了这种程度。
Disbelief could still be seen in his eyes. Although he had been aware that the person they were chasing was powerful, and had even been prepared going into the fight, the blow he had unleashed moments ago had not been a lethal one. He had only been trying to stop Bai Xiaochun and buy some time. How could he ever have imagined that this skinny Outer Sect disciple of the Spirit

就在这中年男子死亡的瞬间，远处有两道身影，急速靠近，其中一人赫然是与陈越一样的凝气八层。
Stream Sect would be so utterly pow erful? In the moment that the man died, two more figures appeared off in the distance. Shockingly, one of them had a cultivation base in the eighth level of

“陈忠！”
Qi Condensation!

眼看中年男子死亡，这来临的二人顿时悲吼。
Seeing their dead comrade in Bai Xiaochun’s hand, they let out roars of rage.


“Chen Zhong!”

“这是你们逼我的！”
“You people are forcing me to do this!”

白小纯右手一甩之下，将中年男子的尸体扔出，他呼吸急促，身体一晃改变方向，再次狂奔，他全身颤抖，可他的双眼内，凶暴之意，比之前还要强烈。
Bai Xiaochun growled. He tossed the corpse aside, then quickly changed directions and shot off at top speed. He was shaking, panting, and yet, his eyes gleamed with an even more intensely brutal light than before.

他知道自己不能被阻拦停顿，而他原本的打算，本就是引走落陈家族族人，此刻骤然改向，所去之处，可以遥遥看到那里有一片连绵不绝的山脉之地。
He knew that he couldn't afford to stop for even a moment. After all, the whole crux of his plan was to get the Luochen Clan members to follow him. As he changed directions, he could see a sprawling mountain range off in the distance.

此山脉不是边界，所以无名，可山脉之纵，不在落星山脉之下，甚至看起来更为磅礴，尤其惊人的，是天地的雨水在那里，仿佛倾斜的更多，甚至闪电雷霆，也大都是在那里凝聚。
Because that particular mountain range wasn’t a specific border region, it didn’t have a name. It was a separate mountain range than the Fallenstar Mountains, but was comparable in size, and in fact, perhaps even a bit larger. The rain there fell at a steep angle, and the entire area was crashing with lightning.

抬头看去，还可以看到无数闪电连接成为了一个个闪电球，此刻正随着雨水轰隆隆的炸开。
In fact, when Bai Xiaochun looked over, the lightning seemed to mass into a sphere which then exploded out into the rain.

呼的一声，白小纯飞奔，他身后那两个落陈家族的族人，正死死的追击，甚至四方在这一刻，也都能遥遥看到其他的落陈家族的族人。
Bai Xiaochun sped in the direction of the mountain range, the two Luochen Clan members hot on his trail. At the same time, more cultivators were closing in.

尤其是远方一道长虹，如同匹炼，正是陈恒，也在飞速靠近。
There was even a bright beam of light which was none other than Chen Heng, who was getting closer by the moment.

随着四周落陈家族的族人不断临近，白小纯距离那片山脉丛林越来越近，已不到数十丈，他全身湿透，狠狠一踏地面，身体飞跃而去，眼看就要冲入山脉丛林内。
As the Luochen Clan cultivators closed the distance to Bai Xiaochun, he got closer and closer to the tree-covered mountains. He was now several dozen meters away, completely soaked as he ran along. As of this moment, he was on the verge of making it into the jungle itself.

“拦住他！”
“Stop him!”

远方陈恒传出阴沉之声。
Chen Heng said grimly.

就在这时，距离白小纯最近的落陈家族两位族人，其中那位凝气八层的男子，低吼一声，一把抓住身边的凝气七层的族人，二人对望一眼，立知对方心思，凝气七层的族人全身立刻收缩在一起，成了一个球形时，被那凝气八层的男子向前狠狠一扔。
The cultivator closest to Bai Xiaochun was in the eighth level of Qi Condensation. He let out a roar, then reached out and grabbed the seventh level clan member next to him. They exchanged a glance, and were instantly thinking the same thing.

轰的一声，全部修为之力的凝聚，在这一刻爆发下，立刻那缩成一个球的凝气七层的族人，身体猛然间速度暴增，呼啸中穿梭雨幕，竟眨眼间就追上了白小纯。
The seventh level clan member curled up into a ball, and then the other clan member hurled him forward as hard as possible. Rumbling sounds filled the air as he called upon all the power of his cultivation base to propel his companion through the air. The second cultivator shot through the rain with explosive speed, and in the blink of an eye, was right upon Bai Xiaochun.

刹那临近时，这凝气七层的族人，修为蓦然展开，击杀来临，巨响回荡，白小纯身体停顿，转身时掐诀一指，木剑呼啸而去，可那落陈家族的族人，竟不顾生死，任由木剑穿透身体，在死亡的刹那，他嘴角露出诡异的笑容。
As he closed in, he unleashed his cultivation base, causing thunderous rumbling sounds to echo out. Bai Xiaochun lurched to a stop, spun, and performed an incantation gesture. The wave of a finger sent his woode n sword flying out, and yet the Luochen Clan cultivator actually allowed it to stab into him. Even as he passed away into death, a bizarre smile appeared on his face.

他身体轰的一声爆开，化作无数血肉，成为一条血肉绳索，要将白小纯缠绕。
Suddenly, he exploded into a cloud of blood and gore that then transformed into a rope of blood t hat began to entangle Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯面色一变，身体立刻后退，但就在他这分心退后的刹那，一声尖锐的破空之声蓦然从他身后传来，那是一支箭！
Bai Xiaochun’s face fell, and he turned to flee. However, in that moment of distracted retreat, a screaming sound rose up from behind him, which was an arrow!

正是那凝气八层的族人射出，他手中拿着一把大弓，此刻弓弦还在震动。
That arrow had been shot from none other than the cultivator in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, who currently held a quivering bow in his hand.

取的正是白小纯无法闪躲的关键时刻，与之前不惜死亡的凝气七层族人，配合的极为巧妙！
The sacrifice of the other cultivator led to a critical moment in which Bai Xiaochun was incapable of dodg ing!

危机关头，白小纯眼中一闪，他身体强行停顿，似主动的靠近那支来临的利箭。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flickered. Stopping in place, he suddenly shot directly toward the speeding arrow.

呼的一声，这支掀起破空之声的利箭，直接落在了白小纯的身上，剧痛传来，白小纯面色苍白。
A boom rang out as the arrow stabbed into Bai Xiaochun, causing an explosion of pain that left him pale-faced.

而这支箭穿过他的右侧肩胛骨时，似巧合一样被骨头卡住，此箭材质不俗，更是凝气八层射出，力道极大，被骨头卡住后，竟带着瘦小的白小纯直接飞出，避开了血肉绳索的缠绕！
The arrow pierced the bone in his shoulder, shattering it. The arrow itself was made from extraordinary materials, and backed by the power of the eighth level of Qi Condensation, making it incredibly strong. After snapping the bone, it actually sent the skinny Bai Xiaochun flying through the air past the blood r ope!

哚的一声！
THUMP!

这支箭带着白小纯的身体，狠狠的刺在了丛林边缘的一颗大树上，将白小纯的身体，死死的钉在了上面！
The arrow slammed into a nearby tree, simultaneously impaling Bai Xiaochun!

不远处那位射出此箭的凝气八层族人，眼中露出狂喜，身体一晃，在急速靠近的同时，右手开弓，要射出势在必得，灭杀白小纯的第二箭！
Delight flickered in the eyes of the eighth level cultivator as he flickered into motion, shooting forward and preparing to unleash a second arrow to cut down Bai Xiaochun!

远处，其他的落陈家族族人，也都一个个露出残忍，呼啸靠近，可就在这时，急速来临的陈恒，却面色一变。
The other Luochen Clan cultivators had brutal grins on their faces as they closed in. However, it was in this moment that Chen Heng’s expression suddenly flickered.

“小心！”
“Watch out!”

第五十九章 你死我活！
0058 chapter-59

几乎在陈恒声音传出的瞬间，被钉在了大树上的白小纯，猛地抬头，他目中露出悍戾，左手抬起，竟一把抓住了右肩外的箭尾上，不顾此箭于体内有倒刺，向外狠狠一拽。
In almost the same moment that Chen Heng’s voice echoed out, Bai Xiaochun, who was still pinned to the tree, looked up. A valiant gleam appeared in his eyes as he reached up, grabbed the arrow which was protruding from his shoulder, then viciously pulled it out, ignoring the stabbing pain that resulted.

鲜血大量的喷洒出来时，那只箭被他带着几块血肉一把拽出，白小纯痛的身体强烈的哆嗦，但却没有任何犹豫，紫气驭鼎功在这一刻全面爆发，凝聚为举轻若重，向着来临的那位凝气八层的落陈家族族人，直接一甩而去。
Blood spurted out, and the arrow itself dragged out chunks of flesh. The pain itself was so intense that Bai Xiaochun trembled. And yet, without the slightest hesitation, he unleashed the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art. Using

尖锐的破空声在这一刻蓦然传出，回荡四方时，这支箭以更快的速度，呼啸直奔凝气八层的落陈族人。
Heaviness-in-Lightness, he flung the arrow back at the Luochen Clan cultivator. A piercing scream echoed through the air as the arrow accelerated rapidly.

举轻若重之下，这支箭的力度之大，如同山岳。
Because of the use of Heaviness-in-Lightness, the force of the arrow was like a towering mountain.

与此同时，白小纯身体坠落，双手掐诀一指，立刻木剑呼啸飞出，形成双杀，顿时肃杀之意惊天，这段日子与落陈族人一次次的厮杀，白小纯的战斗经验以一种他自己都没察觉的速度，急速的攀升，仿佛他在他的骨子里，原本就存在了这种对于战斗的天赋，平日里没有显露，如今被连续的生死刺激，彻底的爆发出来。
At the same time, Bai Xiaochun’s hands flashed in an incantation gesture, sending his woode n sword flying out in a second deadly attack. A somber, bleak aura raged, his successive deadly encounters with the members of the Luochen Clan had provided Bai Xiaochun with incredible hands-on experience in battle. Furthermore, it showed that he seemed to have incredible talent as a fighter hidden deep in his bones, something he rarely revealed to the world.


It was only on display now because of the numerous life-and-death situations he had faced.

那位正要开弓射出第二箭的落陈家族人，此刻面色大变，他没想到白小纯这里居然这么狠，甚至此刻回想，方才对方选择中箭，避开了血肉缠绕，如今又急速反击，或许本就存在了这个目的。
The Luochen Clan cultivator who had been just about to fire a second arrow was taken aback. He had never imagined that Bai Xiaochun could be so vicious. In fact, now he realized that Bai Xiaochun might very well have intentionally let himself be struck with the arrow, all with the purpose of being able to make this almost instant counter-attack. The man fell back instantly.

他身体猛地退后，作为凝气八层大圆满的族人，他常年在落星山脉内与凶兽交战，经验丰富，此刻虽失去了主动，处于危机，可他在这后退时，竟没有立刻施展防护，而是用这闪瞬即逝的宝贵时间 将那拉开了一半的弓，完全拉开！
He was in the great circle of the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and as someone who frequently fought various dangerous beasts in the Fallenstar Mountains, was very experienced. He knew that he had lost the initiative in the fighting, but even as he retreated, he chose not to activate any defenses. Instead, he took advantage of the brief moment he had to finish drawing the bow !

“你挡不挡！” 他低吼时，第二支箭呼啸而出，直奔白小纯，目中露出狰狞。
“Are you gonna block this one?” he roared, a vicious gleam in his eyes as he launched a second arrow.

在他看来，白小纯必定会用木剑去阻挡，如此一来，他这里面临的就不是双杀，就可以化解危机，从被动变为主动。
In his estimation, Bai Xiaochun would definitely use his woode n sword to block the arrow, which would eliminate one of the two deadly threats which were heading his way, and would give him back the initiative.

可就在这时，白小纯双目发赤，他不能留给对方丝毫机会，一旦被缠上，很快其他人就会临近，到了那个时候，自己必死无疑。
However, it was in this very moment that Bai Xiaochun’s eyes turned bright red, he knew that he couldn’t give his oppon ent even the slightest oppor tunity to make a move. If he did, then he would most likely be killed.

他一咬牙，没有操控木剑去阻挡丝毫，任由那支箭临近，从自己的腹部穿透而过，而他的箭，也在这一瞬大力爆发，从落陈族人的胸口猛地刺入，带起鲜血时，这凝气八层的族人发出凄厉的惨叫，目中露出震惊，身体借力正要后退。
Gritting his teeth, he decided not to use the woode n sword in defense, and instead allowed the arrow to close in and stab into his abdom en. At the same time, the arrow he had thrown rocketed forward and pierced into the man’s chest. Blood sprayed everywhere as the man screamed, his eyes shining with surprise as the force of the blow shoved him backward even faster.

可就在这时，白小纯的木剑，如索命一般，刹那来临，在这凝气八层的族人脖子上一绕，眨眼间，头颅掉落。
That was when Bai Xiaochun’s woode n sword bore down on the man as though it demanded to end his life. With a swift slashing motion, it completely severed the man’s head, which toppled dow n to the ground.

做完这些，白小纯喷出一口鲜血，没有丝毫停顿，转身直奔身后丛林冲去，很快消失在了丛林中。
Having accomplished these things, Bai Xiaochun coughed up a mouthful of blood, and yet didn’t hesitate for a moment to race into the cover of the trees, whereupon he vanished.

也就是十几个呼吸的时间，一道道从四周直奔此地的落陈家族的身影嗖嗖而来，一个个纷纷心惊，他们方才亲眼看到了那一幕幕，对于白小纯的狠辣，以伤换杀，他们触目惊心。
After a few dozen breaths of time passed, numerous other Luochen Clan cultivators arrived on the scene. As they looked around, expressions of shock appeared on their faces as they realized that Bai Xiaochun was so vicious that he would even injure himself to slay his oppon ent.

落陈少主陈恒，也身体一晃，出现在了丛林边缘。
A moment later, a flash of light could be seen as Crown Prince Chen Heng appeared.

他望着失去了头颅的那位凝气八层的族人，又看了眼化作血肉绳索的那位，沉默下来，目中露出更强烈的杀机。
He looked at the severed head of his fellow clan member, and then at the other traces of blood in the area. His expression turned grim, and fierce killing intent radiated out from him.


Also in the area were five other clan members, three of whom were in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and two being in the seventh.

“陈风，陈古，你们两个去搜寻其他范围，防止被此人调虎离山，其他人 跟我进去，不取出此人头颅，绝不回来！”
“Chen Feng, Chen Gu, the two of you go search for the others. We can’t let ourselves be drawn out of our territory. The rest of you you’re coming with me. We're bringing back this guy's head!”

陈恒袖子一甩，当先踏入丛林内，在他身后，五个落陈家族的族人，三个凝气八层，两个凝气七层。
With that, Chen Heng flicked his sleeve and headed into the trees.

那两个凝气七层倒退，遵从陈恒的命令，外出搜寻，而那三个凝气八层，则是一个个目中凝聚杀意，随着陈恒冲入丛林。
The two who were in the seventh level of Qi Condensation complied with Chen Heng’s orders and resumed their searching. The other three followed Chen Heng into the trees, eyes flickering with the desire to kill.

无名山脉丛林内，白小纯头晕眼花，他的肩膀，腹部，右腿，此刻全部都有严重的伤势，在这雨夜中寒气侵入，使得他本就颤抖的身体，更哆嗦了。
Within the jungle that covered the nameless mountain range, Bai Xiaochun proceeded along, dizzy and vision blurred. His shoulder, his abdomen, and his right leg were all seriously injured. Because of the cold brought by the rain, he was shivering even more violently than he would have normally been.

“要死了么 ”白小纯惨笑，他看着自己身上的众多伤势，那种入骨的刺痛，让他的眼泪在眼圈里。
“Am I gonna die?” he thought, chuckling bitterly. The sight of all his injuries, and the bone-stabbing pain that came along with them, caused tears to well up in his eyes.

他的脑海中浮现了当初爹娘病逝前，自己望着他们逐渐冰冷的尸体，害怕的一幕幕。
He suddenly recalled an image of his parents, lying sick on their deathbeds. Then he remembered how he had watched their bodies slowly growing colder in death.

或许，是从那个时候起，他开始特别的害怕死亡。
Perhaps that was when he had started to especially fear the idea of dying.

“我要活着！”
“I want to live!” he thought.

白小纯抬起左手擦去眼角的泪，他狠狠地咬着冰冷的牙，在这丛林内急速飞奔，他不知道要去什么地方，也不知道以后会如何，他脑海里此刻只有一个强烈的念头。
He wiped the tears off of his face with his left arm, then gritted his achingly cold teeth as he sped along through the jungle. He had no idea where exactly he was, nor did he have a plan about what to do. T here was only one thought in his head.

“活下去！”
“I have to stay alive!”

对于死亡的恐惧，在这一刻同样也激发出了无穷的力量，支撑着白小纯，在这雷雨夜里，急速前行。
It was actually his fear of death which seemed to give him unending power, and kept him going as he sped along through the stormy night.

甚至他慢慢发现，自己的修为在这几次的生死交战后，竟出现了松动，似乎距离突破凝气六层，已经不远。
Gradually, he came to realize that after all the fighting, his cultivation base was stirring, and he was actually not very far away from breaking through to the seventh level of Qi Condensation.

渐渐地，远处的天边出现了初阳，一束束阳光穿透树叶，落在林间的雨珠上，折射出美妙的光芒，只是雨水却始终没有停下。
Eventually, the sun became visible off in the distance, and as the rays of light pierced through the leaves, they reflected off of the falling raindrops, creating a beautiful scene.

白小纯的身后，丛林内陈恒四人，也在急速飞奔，陈恒的面色越来越难看，对方的速度太快，哪怕是有重伤在身，可于这丛林内，自己等人竟始终无法追的上，甚至此刻追了一夜，居然有些找不清对方所在的方向。
Chen Heng and the other three Luochen Clan cultivators were following him at top speed. Chen Heng’s face was growing increasingly unsightly as he realized that their quarry, despite being so seriously wounded, was moving so quickly through the jungle that they weren’t making any headway in catching up. After following him for an entire night, they still had no idea exactly where he was.

尤其是这场雷雨，洗去了所有的痕迹，就算他们身为居住在落星山脉的修真家族，常年在丛林内与凶兽打交道，于这大雨天，也都无法看出踪迹。
Furthermore, the rain ensured that the evidence of his passage was quickly washed away. Despite the fact that they were from a cultivator clan in the Fallenstar Mountains, who frequently hunted beasts in the jungle, they were still unable to track him.


“Alright, let’s split up,” Chen Heng said through gritted teeth.

“分散寻找，此人重伤，逃不出太远，你们三个间隔百丈，一旦发现此人，不要开战立刻后退，传信给我！”
“He's wounded, so he won’t be able to run for long. The three of you, stay about three hundred meters apart. When you find him, don't engage! Send me a message immediately!”

陈恒咬牙，一字字开口时，他身后的三个凝气八层的族人心底迟疑了一下，纷纷点头，各自散开。
With that, the other three clan members and headed off in different directions.

时间流逝，一天后，白小纯全身的疲惫，已到了一个临界点，若非是强烈求生的意志在支撑，早就倒下了。
Time passed. The next day, Bai Xiaochun was completely worn out, and was reaching his limit. If it weren’t for the fact that he was running for his life, he would have long since collapsed.

他双唇干裂，面色憔悴，就连速度也都慢了下来，又前行了一炷香后，忽然的，他面色一变，猛地看向右侧时，他看到了一道身影从那里飞跃而起，不是冲向自己，而是向后逃遁。
His lips were parched and cracked, his face haggard, his pace slowing. After proceeding for the time it takes an incense stick to burn, his face suddenly flickered as he saw a blur of motion to the right. However, no one attacked him. Instead, the figure fell back immediately.

这是一个长脸青年，正是三个凝气八层的落陈家族族人之一，他此刻后退时，右手拿着一枚玉简，狠狠一捏，立刻传信出去。
It was a long-faced young man, one of the three Luochen Clan members who had fanned out to search for him. Even as the young man fell back, he pulled out a jade slip which he pressed dow n onto to send a message.

白小纯心底一沉，身体猛地加速，向着丛林深处疾驰。
Bai Xiaochun’s face sank, and he pushed onward into the jungle even faster than before.

长脸青年面色变化，对于白小纯这里，他已心存忌惮，正迟疑是否追击时，立刻眼中露出喜色，只见在两侧百丈外，此刻有两个身影，正急速而来。
The long-faced young man watched him go. Bai Xiaochun frightened him, and even as he debated whether or not to give chase immediately, he saw two figures speeding toward him from off in the distance, and his expression brightened.

这二人都是凝气八层，而更远处，一道长虹飞天而起，正是陈恒。
Those were the two other clan members, and further off in the distance, he could even see Chen Heng.

三人向着这里，呼啸临近，看他们的速度，那两个凝气八层的族人，十息就可临近，而陈恒，最多二十息，也会出现。
Based on how fast they were moving, the two other clan members would arrive in about ten breaths of time. Chen Heng was a bit further away, and would need roughly twenty breaths to arrive.

长脸青年大笑，有了决断，全身修为轰然爆发，更有大量的防护之光出现，右手一拍储物袋，立刻手中出现了一把大剑。
The long-faced young man began to laugh heartily. Without any further hesitation, he powered up his cultivation base, simultaneously summoning numerous shield layers. He also slapped his bag of holding to produce a long sword.

这大剑足有七尺之长，外表看起来很是古朴，被长脸青年拿在手中，挥舞时划破四方，锋利无比，他目中杀机一闪，狞笑中展开全速，直奔白小纯追击。
It was a greatsword, over two meters long, with an ancient and crude appearance. The young man hefted it, and then swung it through the air, causing whistling sounds to ring out from the sharpness of the blade. Killing intent flickered in his eyes, and he smiled viciously as he shot after Bai Xiaochun at top speed.

“灵溪宗的天骄，杀起来定然很让人愉悦，比杀那些散修应该更有成就感！”
“Killing a Chosen from the Spirit Stream Sect is definitely going to be fun! Much funner than killing random rogue cultivators!”

长脸青年笑声传出，手中长剑向前狠狠一斩，顿时一道剑光划破四方，形成了破空的风声，左手掐诀时，向前一指，立刻一个拳头大小的火球出现，飞向白小纯。
Laughing, he slashed the sword through the air, causing a beam of sword light to fly out, accompanied by a sound like rushing wind. He then performed an incantation gesture with his left hand and pointed his finger out, causing a fist-sized fireball to shoot in Bai Xiaochun’s direction.

轰的一声，尽管雷雨，可这火球依旧在爆开时，散出炙热，使得四周掀起冲击，白小纯身体一顿，转头时眼中露出杀机，他知道若不解决了对方，自己无法继续逃走。
Despite the falling rain, the fireball exploded with scorching heat as it shot through the air. A tremor ran through Bai Xiaochun, and when he turned to look back, killing intent flickered in his eyes. He was well aware that if he didn’t take out this oppon ent immediately, it would be impossible for him to escape.

但就在白小纯转身的瞬间，长脸青年忽然后退，目中露出讥讽，他绝不会给白小纯机会，也绝不会靠近，他的目的只有一个，牵扯白小纯。
However, in the moment that Bai Xiaochun turned, the long-faced young man suddenly fell back, eyes flickering with derision. There was absolutely no way he was going to give Bai Xiaochun the chance to get close to him. His only goal at the moment was simply to buy time.

白小纯握紧了拳头，身体一晃再次疾驰，可很快的，那长脸青年又来干扰，几个呼吸后，另外两个凝气八层的族人，也都临近，看到了白小纯后，二人全身修为爆发，直奔白小纯。
Bai Xiaochun’s hands clenched into fists, and he began to run again. However, the long-faced young man quickly interfered, de laying him again. A few breaths of time passed, and the other two clan members were closing in. When they saw Bai Xiaochun, their cultivation bases flared with power.

与此同时，那长脸青年大笑一声，不再避开，而是速度全部展开，与另外二人一起，从三个不同的方向，杀向白小纯。
At the same time, the long-faced young man began to laugh. Instead of dancing around like he had been, he unleashed all the speed he could muster. Along with his two fellow clan members, he shot murderously toward Bai Xiaochun.

三位凝气八层，此刻在这击杀下，远处飞来的陈恒，也都心底松了下来，知道这一次，对方即便是再有什么手段，也都必死无疑。
Three cultivation bases at the eighth level of Qi Condensation. When Chen Heng saw the killing attack being unleashed, he felt a bit more at ease. He was quite confident that, no matter what tricks Bai Xiaochun pulled, he would definitely be killed.

“可惜，你没有成长起来的可能了。”
“What a pity,” he said coolly. “He won’t even have a chance to grow up.”

陈恒淡淡开口，可眨眼间，他面色突然一变。
However, before he could even blink his eyes, his expression flickered.

只见远处的白小纯，他的四周三道身影呼啸临近，各自展开神通术法杀来时，白小纯右手掐诀，木剑呼啸而出，直奔其中一人，同时右手握拳，向着另一人一拳轰去。
Even as the three figures closed in on Bai Xiaochun, unleashing various deadly divine abilities and magical techniques, Bai Xiaochun’s right hand flashed with an incantation gesture. His woode n sword flew out toward the middle oppon ent, and he threw out a punch toward another. A boom rang out as the woode n sword was blocked.

巨响回荡，木剑被阻挡，他的那一拳落下，使得一个凝气八层的族人嘴角溢出鲜血，身体虽退后，可白小纯这里一样鲜血喷出，伤势裂开，可还没等他后退，长脸青年蓦然靠近，手中的长剑散出锋利之芒，一剑刺来。
However, the fist strike landed, sending its target tumbling back, blood spraying out of his mouth. Bai Xiaochun also coughed up blood as his injuries worsened. However, before he could retreat, the long-faced youth closed in and slashed out with his long sword, sending a blast of sword light toward Bai Xiaochun.

危机关头，白小纯勉强避开心脏的位置，那把长剑瞬间从他的胸口穿透，剧痛使得白小纯全身汗水控制不住的泌出，他哆嗦了一下时，长脸青年笑声传出，正要抽回长剑，突然的，白小纯一把抓住胸口的长剑，身体竟猛地向前一冲，任由长剑在身体内摩擦而过，只没剑柄。
In the moment of critical danger, Bai Xiaochun barely managed to twist his body to avoid a blow to the heart. The blade stabbed into him, instantly causing sweat to break out all over his body . He shivered, and at the same time, the long-faced young man began to laugh. Then, just when he was about to pull the sword back, Bai Xiaochun reached out and grabbed the blade, then yanked himself forward dow n to the hilt.

以此为代价，他整个人，直接就出现在了长脸青年的面前，在这长脸青年一愣之后骇然，头皮都要炸开，被强烈的生死危机笼罩，猛地松开手要后退时，白小纯闪烁黑芒的右手，一把抓住了长脸青年的脖子。
It was a heavy price to pay, but it put him directly in front of the long-faced young man, whose scalp was tingling so hard it felt like it might explode. A sudden feeling of intense, deadly crisis washed over him. Just when he was about to drop the blade and jump backward, black light appeared on Bai Xiaochun’s right hand as he grabbed the young man’s neck.

“你 ”长脸青年睁大了眼，可话语没等说完
“You” the young man said, eyes widening. Before he could say another word

咔嚓一声！
A cracking sound rang out!

直接捏碎！
His neck was crushed!

第六十章 生死激战
0059 chapter-60

这一幕太快，电光火石间，三位凝气八层的落陈家族族人，就立刻死亡一人，其他二人倒吸口气，但此刻来不及多想，杀向白小纯。
The sudden development occurred too quickly. In the time it takes a spark to fly off of a piece of flint, the number of cultivators who were in the eighth level of Qi Condensation was reduced from three to two. The remaining two gasped, but had little time to ponder the matter, and continued to charge toward Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯嘴角溢出鲜血，哆嗦中身体倒退，直接撞在身后的大树上，胸口的长剑被猛地撞出时，他右手一把抓住此剑，蓦然拽出，向着其中一人一剑横扫，可在对方避开的同时，另一个凝气八层的落陈家族族人已然临近，右手掐诀，一股大力爆发。
Blood oozed out of the corners of his mouth as he flew back, slamming into a tree and simultaneously pulling the greatsword out of his chest. He quickly slashed the sword out at one of the two remaining oppon ents. However, his target nimbly dodg ed to the side, allowing his companion to close in, whereupon his right hand flashed with an incantation gesture, and incredible power exploded out.

轰的一声，白小纯身体飞起，在半空中，他鲜血喷洒，全身衣服都成为了血色，那两个落陈家族族人，同时追来，眼看生死危机，可白小纯依旧没有绝望，强烈的求生之意，让他发出一声低吼，掐诀时一把长枪出现，一把大斧出现，还有两把飞剑，同时被白小纯取出。
A boom echoed out as Bai Xiaochun was sent flying through the air, blood spraying everywhere. His clothes were now completely soaked with blood as the two Luochen Clan cultivators bore down on him. It seemed like a no- win situation, but Bai Xiaochun hadn't given in to despair yet, he desperately wanted to live. Roaring, he performed an incantation gesture, summoning a long spear, a huge axe, and two flying swords.

以他的紫气驭鼎功，向外狠狠激射开来。
Using the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, he sent the weapons slashing viciously toward his enemies.

那两个落陈家族的族人面色变化，施展术法，化作无数黑雾立刻阻挡，巨响回荡，冲击扩散时，那些法器都洒落在四方，白小纯嘴角鲜血不断，踉跄后退。
The faces of the two Luochen Clan cultivators fell. They quickly unleashed magical techniques, causing a boundless black fog to spring up. Booms rang out, and the magical devices Bai Xiaochun had just launched clattered to the ground. At the same time, Bai Xiaochun himself staggered backward, blood spilling out of his mouth.

“该结束了！”
“Time to end things!”

两个凝气八层的族人，第三次冲来，这一次速度更快，修为之力爆发到了极致，眨眼临近，就要击杀白小纯。
For the third time, the two cultivators attacked. As the power of their cultivation bases erupted out, it seemed like they would strike Bai Xiaochun dow n at any moment.


“Stay alive!” he said in a hoarse voice, a gleam of madness in his eyes.

“活下去，我要活下去！”
“I've got to stay alive!”

白小纯目中疯狂，体内灵气油尽灯枯，他发出一声沙哑的嘶吼，在这嘶吼中，他体内这些年来，积累在无数细微的经脉内，无数血肉骨头中的微弱灵力，如佰川纳海一样，全面的爆发。
His internal spiritual energy was flickering on the verge of sputtering out completely, but he let out a roar, and all of the power he had built up in his years of cultivation, power which had seeped into his qi passageways and bones, exploded out like hundreds of flowing streams.

轰轰轰！
RUUUUUUUUMBLE!

这些细微经脉内的灵气，之前在白小纯多次生死战时，就已经松动，此刻在这危急关头，终于全部苏醒，齐齐向着白小纯的主干经脉内涌入，眨眼间，就汇聚成为了一条大河，游走全身时，阵阵啪啪之声如敲鼓一样回荡，一路势如破竹，将不少经脉都冲击开。
Up to this point in the fighting, Bai Xiaochun had not called upon these scraps of spiritual energy, but now, in this moment of critical danger, he did. They poured into the main qi passageways, and in the blink of an eye, had transformed into a huge river. As it flowed through his body , a sound like pounding drums burst out within him.

与此同时，一股凝气七层的修为波动，在白小纯的身上，骤然爆出。
At the same time, the cultivation base fluctuations of the seventh level of Qi Condensation suddenly erupted out.

那两个来临的凝气八层的族人，察觉到白小纯身上凝气七层的波动，面色全部大变，甚至目中都有骇然与无法置信。
When his two oppon ents, who were in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, suddenly sensed those cultivation base fluctuations coming off of him, their faces flickered with shock and disbelief.

“战斗中突破！”
“Making a breakthrough in the middle of fighting?”

“这 这怎么可能！”
“How how is that even possible?”

二人心底骇然时，白小纯猛地抬头，他目中露出精芒，这股多出来的灵力，虽无法缓解白小纯的伤势，可却让他油尽灯枯的状态，涌入了甘冽，再次焕发出生机。
As they reeled in shock, Bai Xiaochun looked up, and his eyes were glowing brightly. The surge of spiritual power couldn’t heal his wounds, but it could revive him from his state of listlessness, and give him one more chance to make it out of the situation alive.

他身体一瞬冲出，竟直接出现在了一人的面前，在这落陈族人的惊呼中，他的右手全部漆黑，碎候锁蓦然展开。
He sprang forward toward the two Luochen Clan cultivators, who cried out in alarm as black light covered his right hand, and the Throat Crushing Grasp was unleashed.

咔嚓一声，这凝气八层的族人，根本就无法闪躲，身体不受控制的直奔白小纯的右手，如主动送上去一样，被白小纯一把捏碎脖子。
A cracking sound was heard as one of his oppon ents, unable to dodg e, was pulled toward Bai Xiaochun’s right hand. It was almost as if some invisible force were dragging him to Bai Xiaochun, who summarily crushed his neck.

另外一人，此刻头皮发麻，眼看白小纯看向自己，立刻发出凄厉之音，身体猛地后退，他的目中露出强烈的恐惧，对于白小纯，他已被震慑了心神。
His companion looked on, scalp tingling in shock. When Bai Xiaochun turned to look at him, the man screamed, eyes shining with terror as he fell into retreat.

“少主救我！”
“Crown Prince, save me!”

在后退时，这最后一个凝气八层，发出焦急之声。
This was the sole surviving clan member in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, screaming for help.

此刻的陈恒，距离这里不到三十丈，眼看这一幕在眼前发生，他发出怒吼。
At the moment, Chen Heng was still ninety meters away. Seeing what was happening, he let out an enraged roar.

“你找死！”
“Are you looking to die?”

白小纯看都不看陈恒一眼，右手掐诀一指，立刻四周洒落的那些法器，在这一刻全部颤抖，发出强烈的嗡鸣声，如同响应白小纯的呼唤。
Bai Xiaochun didn't even look at him, he instantly flashed an incantation gesture with his right hand and pointed out. Immediately, the fallen magical devices in the area began to tremble, and then emitted droning sounds as they apparently sensed Bai Xiaochun calling to them.

刹那全部飞起，速度之快，比之前超出太多，一瞬就直奔此刻已然来临，正要靠近这里的陈恒，去阻挡他的脚步。
Then they suddenly flew up into the air, moving far faster than they had before, speeding toward the approaching Chen Heng to block his path.

砰砰之声回荡，被那些法器阻挡，即便陈恒凝气九层的修为，也都无法瞬间碎灭，被阻挡了一下。
Banging sounds rang out as Chen Heng was forced to deal with the weapons. He was in the ninth level of Qi Condensation, but even he couldn't instantly bypass them.

在陈恒被阻挡的同时，白小纯身体一晃飞出，临近那位逃遁的凝气八层族人，眼中杀机弥漫，一拳轰去。
As Chen Heng was being delayed, Bai Xiaochun closed in on the remaining cultivator. Eyes flickering with killing intent, he unleashed a fist strike.

轰的一声，凝气八层的族人喷出鲜血，正要继续后退，却没有看到白小纯的左手早已掐诀，一把木剑从这凝气八层族人的身后，无声无息，一瞬而来，刹那就穿透这凝气八层族人的头颅，沾染鲜血，出现在了白小纯的面前。
A boom echoed out, and blood sprayed from the man’s mouth. He was just about to continue to fall back, but didn't notice that Bai Xiaochun had just performed an incantation gesture with his left hand. A woode n sword appeared behind the man, closing in noiselessly and then stabbing through his head in a shower of blood.

那凝气八层的族人睁大了眼，呆呆的看着整个世界，身体砰的一声，坠落地面，抽动了几下，口中不断溢出鲜血，很快目中黯淡，气绝身亡。
The man’s eyes went wide as he toppled down to the ground, where he twitched a few times, blood flowing out of his mouth. Then his eyes faded, and he was dead.

做完这些，白小纯身体一个踉跄，他虽修为突破，可方才这一系列的击杀，将修为消耗一空，此刻嘴角鲜血不止，他身体猛地后退，再次逃入丛林内。
Having accomplished these things, Bai Xiaochun staggered to the side. Although he had just experienced a cultivation base breakthrough, the series of deadly moves he had just unleashed had almost completely drained him. Blood oozed constantly out of his mouth as he once again lurched off into the jungle.

他知道，此刻对方只剩下了最后一人，而此人也正是最强者，那一身凝气九层的修为，白小纯早就感受。
He knew that his final oppon ent was the strongest of them all, and was already able to sense that he was in the ninth level of Qi Condensation.

“凝气九层 ”白小纯心底苦涩，可强烈的求生，让他心中有血火在燃烧，他明白，这一次，不是对方死，就是自己亡！
“Ninth level of Qi Condensation” he thought bitterly. His burning desire to live caused his blood to surge through his heart. He knew that this time, either he would die, or his oppon ent would.

没有第三个选择。
There was no third opt ion.

几乎在他后退的瞬间，陈恒发出一声惊天的怒吼，全身血雾向外轰隆隆的扩散，那些法器在这一刻，一个个都颤抖中出现了碎裂的征兆，很快就轰然崩溃，血雾内，陈恒瞬间飞出，他呼吸急促，看着四周的三位族人的尸体，发出更为愤怒的嘶吼，一样红着眼，向着白小纯离去的地方，急速追去。
As he made his retreat, Chen Heng let out an enraged howl. He was surrounded by a blood mist, which caused the magical devices to tremble, and then begin to crack. Moments later, they exploded, and Chen Heng shot out from within the blood mist. When he looked around at his three dead compatriots, he roared in fury, then shot after Bai Xiaochun.

二人一个逃，一个追，在这无名山脉丛林内，向着深处越走越远，天空雷霆轰鸣，虽是白天，看不清闪电，可这雨水却越来越大。
The two of them sped through the jungle of the nameless mountain range, heading deeper and deeper in. Thunder boom ed, even though it was daytime. No lightning was visible, but the rain poured dow n harder and harder.

“你是上官天佑，还是吕天磊！”
“Are you Shangguan Tianyou, or Lu Tianlei?”

陈恒带着杀意的声音传出，他掐诀间，四周有九道血雾，如同九条血蟒，在他前方不断穿梭，时而吐出血光直奔白小纯。
Chen Heng yelled. He quickly performed an incantation gesture, causing nine streams of blood mist to shoot toward Bai Xiaochun, like nine blood-colored anacondas.

“我是你爷爷！”
“I'm your grandpa!”

白小纯面色苍白，可灵觉敏锐，多次避开，眼看身后的那位落陈家族的少主越来越近，白小纯哆嗦中身体突然跃起，向着前方摆出要飞奔的模样，在他身后陈恒也猛地要跃起的瞬间，白小纯一脚踏在前方的大树上。
Bai Xiaochun retorted, despite how ashen his face was. After evading the attacks, he glanced back at the crown prince, who was getting closer by the moment. Trembling, he crouched down, then shot forward with even greater speed.

这大树猛地震动摇晃时，白小纯的身体借助这股力量蓦然弹起，在半空转身，直奔身后追击的陈恒。
Even as Chen Heng prepared to do the same, Bai Xiaochun’s foot slammed into a tree, stopping him mid-flight. Then, he twisted, borrowing the momentum of the tree as it snapped back to shoot toward Chen Heng.

“不管你是谁，今天你死定了！”
“I don’t care who you are,” Chen Heng said, “today, you’re gonna die!”

陈恒眼中杀机一闪，右手掐诀猛地一挥，四周的九条血蟒，向着来临的白小纯，张开大口就要吞噬。
Killing intent flickered in his eyes, and his right hand flashed with an incantation gesture. Nine blood anacondas once again shot toward Bai Xiaochun with gaping maws.

白小纯眼珠子通红，低吼一声，双手掐诀时，体内不多的灵气散出，立刻一尊紫色的鼎，蓦然出现，将他身体笼罩在内，任由那九条血蟒吞噬而来，速度都没有减缓半点，一路轰鸣，向着陈恒砸去。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bright red as he let out a howl. His hands flashed in a double-handed incantation gesture as he drew upon what remained of his spiritual energy to form a violet cauldron. The cauldron instantly spread out to surround him, completely blocking the path of the nine blood anacondas as he smashed toward Chen Heng.

“雕虫小技！”
“Child's play!”

陈恒冷笑，掐诀间那九条血蟒瞬间化作雾气，眨眼凝聚在一起，赫然形成了一个血色的骷髅头，漂浮在了头顶，与那砸来的紫鼎，直接就撞在了一起。
Chen Heng said with a cold laugh. Another incantation gesture transformed the nine blood anacondas into a fog, which then re- formed around him in the shape of a blood-colored skull. Then the skull shot toward the violet cauldron.

轰轰之声滔天，紫鼎颤抖，咔咔声下立刻碎裂，到了最后，直接就崩溃爆开，而那血雾骷髅虽然消散了大半，可却依旧还在。
Massive boom s rang out as the violet cauldron cracked and then exploded. The blood f og skull was significantly damaged, bu t remained in one piece.

几乎在这撞击传出的刹那，崩溃的大鼎内，白小纯一冲而出，瞬间穿梭碎裂的大鼎，直奔下方雾气。
After the collision, the collapsed cauldron revealed Bai Xiaochun, who shot out of the fragmented remains toward the fog beneath him.

与此同时，雾气内的陈恒目中一闪，在雾气稀薄的刹那，他身体在血雾下猛地向上冲出，右手掐诀中，整个右手被雾气缠绕，与手心内幻化出一个狰狞的鬼脸。
At the same time, Chen Heng’s eyes flickered. Then he leaped upward out of the fog, right hand flashing an incantation gesture to produce a vicious ghost face.

就在他冲出的同时，他迎面看到了白小纯。
At the same time, he threw his head back and glared at Bai Xiaochun.

二人目光对望，直接就碰触到了一起，一个是拳头，一个是手掌，一个是黑光闪耀，不死铁皮爆发，一个是术法妖异，鬼脸狰狞。
Their eyes met, and then they slammed into each other, one using a fist, the other a palm. Black light flashed as the Undying Iron Skin went into action to meet the bizarre magical technique that was the ghost face.

声响震耳欲聋，蓦然传出时，白小纯鲜血喷出，全身传出啪啪之声，整个人如断了线的风筝倒退，一路撞断了大量树枝。
A deafening boom rang out. Blood sprayed out of Bai Xiaochun’s mouth, and cracking sounds rang out from within him as he was sent tumbling backward like a kite with its string cut, to slam into a nearby tree.

而那陈恒只是身体一震，面色微微苍白，体内气血翻滚，对于白小纯的力量之大，也是心惊，此刻身体一晃飞出，刹那追上白小纯，右手抬起时，他四周雾气轰然扩散，竟覆盖十多丈范围，形成一张巨大的人脸，随着他一起，向着白小纯镇压过去。
Chen Heng was shaken, and his face was ashen. His qi and blood were churning, and shock filled him regarding how powerful Bai Xiaochun was. However, he instantly shot back toward his oppon ent, raising his right hand, which caused all of the fog in the area to form together into a huge, blood- colored face which crushed dow n toward Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯目中露出被逼到了死亡边缘后的凶狠，身体在半空狠狠一扭，转身时右手猛然抬起，向着陈恒一指，这一指之下，他的紫气驭鼎功蓦然爆发。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flickered with the ferocity that comes from being pushed into a corner. He twisted in mid air, pointing toward Chen Heng to unleash the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art.

不是去操控物品，而是去操控陈恒的身体，这种用法，陈恒前所未闻，立刻感受一股大力笼罩四周，如有一个看不见的手掌要抓住自己的身体。
He wasn’t using it to control random objects, but instead, Chen Heng’s body ! It was a technique Chen Heng had never even heard of before. Suddenly, a powerful force wrapped around him, as though a gigantic hand had grabbed him.

陈恒冷笑，修为猛地扩散，身后血色人脸发出一声低吼，咔咔声回荡，白小纯的灵气直接断开，可陈恒也因此身体微微一顿。
He laughed coldly as his cultivation base erupted out, and the blood-colored face howled, causing Bai Xiaochun’s spiritual energy to shatter. At the same time, Chen Heng quivered.

在他一顿的瞬间，木剑呼啸而去，直奔陈恒，同时白小纯身体也猛地冲出，不惜代价，全身不死铁皮运转，轰鸣而去。
It was in that moment that a woode n sword shot toward him, and Bai Xiaochun also charged forth, holding nothing back as he called upon the full power of his Undying Iron Skin.

“可笑！”
“What a joke!”

陈恒袖子一甩，身后血色人脸穿透他的身体，向着下方镇压，轰鸣中与木剑碰触，木剑颤抖，可却没有崩溃，而是穿透了这血色人脸，豁出了一个缺口。
Chen Heng said, flicking his sleeve. The blood-colored face passed through him, crushing toward the woode n sword. When the two met, the wooden sword trembled, but didn’t break. Instead, it stabbed through the face, ope ning up a gap.

白小纯的身体顺着缺口，凭着不死铁皮，拼着受伤，直接冲出，陈恒双眼一闪，右手掐诀再次一指。
Bai Xiaochun dove in through that very gap, relying on his Undying Iron Skin to deal with the injuries. As he shot out, Chen Heng’s eyes flickered, and he performed an incantation gesture with his right hand.

立刻有一道弧形血光出现，如一把弯刀，直奔白小纯。
The wave of a finger caused an arc of blood-colored light to appear, a curving blade that sliced toward Bai Xiaochun.

刹那间，这弧形血光从白小纯身上直接轰落，白小纯胸口血肉模糊，可他的拳头，凝聚全身修为，同样一拳落下。
In the blink of an eye, the curving blood-colored light hit Bai Xiaochun, who coughed up a mouthful of blood. And yet, his fist, backed by the full power of his cultivation base, rocketed out.

巨响传出时，陈恒身体一震，退后几步，面色苍白了一些，但白小纯的攻击没有结束，他的速度，在这一刻近乎透支，不要命的 全面爆发。
A boom rang out as Chen Heng was shoved backward by several paces, his face draining of blood. However, Bai Xiaochun wasn't done yet. As of this moment, it seemed he was completely overdrawing on his strength and even his life force to unleash an explosive attack.

轰轰轰轰！
RUUUUUUUUMBLE!

第六十一章 绝命一击！
0060 chapter-61

白小纯的速度太快，此刻绕着陈恒，根本就不给他任何反应的机会，一拳一拳，一脚一脚，形成了一片狂风。
Bai Xiaochun moved so incredibly fast that Chen Heng didn’t have time to react. Punches and kicks instantly turned into a maddening storm of attacks.

陈恒面色难看，掐诀间全身防护之光扩散，更有大量雾气散开，与白小纯在这丛林内，在这雷雨中，不断地交战，传出连成了一串的轰鸣声。
Chen Heng’s expression was extremely unsightly as he performed incantation gestures to summon protective shields. Rain pelted down in the jungle, and boom s echoed out as he fought with Bai Xiaochun.

越战，陈恒越是心惊，对于眼前这个灵溪宗的外门弟子，他之前已给出了极高的评价，可如今亲自感受，还是明白自己低估了对方。
The battle so far left Chen Heng dumbfounded. Earlier, he had already acknowledged that this particular Outer Sect disciple of the Spirit Stream Sect was formidable, but it wasn’t until actually fighting that it became clear how much he had underestimated him.

能连续击杀十多位族人，灭杀凝气八层并非困难，这种本事，绝非寻常凝气弟子可以做到，即便是灵溪宗身为大宗门，弟子明显比外面的修真家族获得的资源要好很多，可也不至于差距这么大。
To be able to slaughter over ten of his fellow clan members, including cultivators in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, with seeming ease, indicated he had a high level of skill. That was not something that an ordinary Qi Condensation disciple could do. The Spirit Stream Sect was one of the great sects, so it was expected that their disciples would surpass the local cultivator clans in terms of latent talent, but he had never imagined that the disparity would be like this.

“他的肉身太坚韧，这是什么炼体之法，居然能做到这种程度，而他的力气与速度，也都是炼体得到！”
“His fleshly body is too resilient. What body refinement technique does he use? Don’t tell me that his power and speed are both a result of body refinement?”

陈恒大袖一甩，身体外的雾气猛地扩散，要将白小纯逼开，可白小纯不顾伤势，再次冲上来，轰鸣间，陈恒的面色越发苍白。
Chen Heng flicked his sleeve, sending a fog rolling out to defend against Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun ignored any potential injuries as he attacked again. At the same time, Chen Heng’s face grew more and more pale.

“而他最可怕的，是恢复力！
“Most terrifying are his powers of recovery!

若他的修为到了凝气八层 那么我不是他的对手！”
If his cultivation base were at the eighth level of Qi Condensation I wouldn’t be a match for him at all!”

陈恒无法想象一个人受了这么多伤势，居然还能有这种爆发力，要知道那些伤势无论换了谁，此刻估计早已昏死过去。
Chen Heng couldn’t imagine how someone could receive so many injuries, and yet still be able to unleash such explosive power. Virtually anyone else who was on the receiving end of such punishment would have long since passed out.

可偏偏白小纯这里，虽已是快要油尽灯枯，可却还能坚持。
Unfortunately, Bai Xiaochun was like an oil lamp running out of oil, just barely holding on.

“速战速决，早些杀了此人，免得节外生枝！”
“I need to get this battle done with and kill him,” Chen Heng thought, eyes glittering coldly. “That way no other complications will arise!”

陈恒目中寒芒一闪，可就在这时，突然的，白小纯双眼闪动，身体蓦然后退，双手掐诀时，紫气化鼎再次出现，轰鸣间，这巨大的鼎直奔陈恒而去。
However, it was at this point that Bai Xiaochun’s eyes also glittered, and he suddenly fell back, performing a double-handed incantation gesture, Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning sent a huge cauldron rumbling toward Chen Heng.

陈恒眯起双眼，身体外所有雾气蓦然凝聚，化作一只大手，向着大鼎阻挡，在双方碰触的刹那，大鼎竟没有任何力道，一碰就碎。
Chen Heng’s eyes narrowed as the fog which surrounded him transformed into a huge hand that shot toward the cauldron. The two collided, and the cauldron instantly collapsed, as if it hadn’t been backed by even the smallest bit of power.

陈恒眼看如此，知道上当，可神色却没有什么变化，只是目中凌厉。
Chen Heng instantly realized that he had been fooled, but he didn’t seem fazed at all, and in fact his eyes glinted sharply.

“红魔！”
“Red Devil Grand Magic!” he said coolly.

他淡淡开口，全身上下竟在这一瞬，出现了大量的血色，眨眼间，他整个人就成为了一个红皮人。
Immediately, massive amounts of red light shone out, and his skin turned crimson.

几乎在他成为红皮人的刹那，白小纯的左脚直接绕出一个半圆，向着陈恒一脚卷来，掀起破空的风声，力度之大，已是全力。
Even as that happened, Bai Xiaochun leaped into the air and swung his left leg toward Chen Heng in a powerful arcing kick which kicked up a huge wind.

陈恒冷笑，在白小纯左腿来临的刹那，他右手猛地抬起，向着身边一甩，直接就与白小纯的左腿，碰到了一起。
Chen Heng chuckled coldly, thrusting his right forearm out to block the kick.

轰！
BOOM!

巨响传出，如同闷雷滚滚，其内更有咔咔之声回荡，白小纯痛的眼泪流下，身体蓦然后退，他睁大了眼看着陈恒，心底咯噔一声。
A sound like thunder rang out, accompanied by cracking sounds. Tears streamed dow n Bai Xiaochun’s face as he staggered back, heart thumping.

“这家伙的力量，怎么一下子这么大了，红魔大发，这全身变成了红色，竟使得他这么厉害！”
“How did this guy get so strong so fast?” he thought. “Red Devil Grand Magic? His skin is red, and now he’s way more powerful!”


Bai Xiaochun was in so much pain that his heart was shaking.


His left leg was twisted at an odd angle, and although his skin remained intact, the flesh underneath was mangled, and bones were broken.


His breathing was ragged, and he was exhausted.


Each time his injuries worsened.

白小纯痛的心头发颤，他的左腿此刻已扭曲，皮肤虽没有破，可血肉已被碾碎，骨头断裂，此刻大口喘着粗气，这一路上他疲惫不堪，伤势越来越重，很多次白小纯都觉得自己要不行了，可却发现自己的身体，竟无时无刻都在飞快的恢复，那种惊人的恢复力，他也极为诧异，仿佛再重的伤势，都会慢慢痊愈，在他看来，或许这就是不死长生功的作用？
Bai Xiaochun felt as if he couldn't go on any further. By this point he had come to the realization that his body was constantly fixing itself. The strange regenerative power ensured that even the most serious of injuries were slowly healed. He wasn't sure, but guessed that it might be an outworking of the Undying Live Forever

陈恒那边，他的右手看似如常，可仔细去看，可以看到他的手在颤抖，身体外的皮肤更红了，至于内部，骨头弥漫了裂缝。
Technique. Chen Heng’s right arm seemed to be fine, but closer examination would reveal that it was shaking. His skin was even redder than before, and the bones inside were broken.

“你有炼体之法，我落陈家族，一样也有！”
“You have your body refinement technique, and so does my Luochen Clan!”

陈恒身体向前冲出，速度之快，竟比之前快了不少，甚至超越了白小纯，仿佛此刻他换了一个人，力大无穷。
Chen Heng began to advance with speed that seemed even greater than Bai Xiaochun’s, it was almost like he was a different person, a person with boundless power at his disposal.

二人眨眼间在这丛林内，再次激战起来。
In the blink of an eye, fierce fighting was once again underway within the jungle.


Booms rang out constantly.

轰轰之声回荡，在这激战中，白小纯右腿有伤势，左腿又碎裂，身体不稳，节节后退，那种死亡的危机，越来越强烈，而眼前这陈恒，更是白小纯至今为止，遇到的最强敌人。
Bai Xiaochun’s right leg was seriously hurt, and the bones of his left leg were broken. He could barely stand straight, and was suffering setback after setback. The sensation of imminent death grew stronger. This Chen Heng was by far the most powerful oppon ent Bai

眼看危机，白小纯眼中血丝弥漫，右手突然抬起，手掌漆黑，碎候锁之力展开，如同一道黑色的闪电，直奔陈恒脖子而去。
Xiaochun had ever fought. Bai Xiaochun eyes were bloods hot as his right hand shot out. Black light shone as the Throat Crushing Grasp was unleashed, like a bolt of black lightning that shot toward Chen Heng’s throat.

陈恒目中露出强烈的光芒，这一招他之前就看到过，早就提防，此刻全身红光一闪，在白小纯右手靠近的刹那，他一把抓住白小纯的右手，狠狠一捏，咔嚓一声，白小纯的整个右臂骨头顿时碎裂。
Chen Heng’s eyes shone with an intense light when he realized that this was a move he had seen before, and was prepared to face. Red light flashed around him as Bai Xiaochun’s right hand closed in. Chen Heng reached out casually, grabbed Bai Xiaochun’s right hand, then crushed it hard. Cracking sounds rang out as Bai Xiaochun’s hand was completely shattered.

这一幕让陈恒皱起眉头，他没想到会这么简单，可紧接着心头就震动，想起之前与白小纯交手时，对方以伤换杀的狠辣手段，此刻立刻后退，脖子更是向后狠狠一扭。
Chen Heng frowned, he hadn’t expected things to be this simple. But then his heart seized as he thought about the vicious tactics Bai Xiaochun had already used in the fighting, and how he would even allow himself to be injured in order to unleash a devastating attack.

与此同时，白小纯的左手带着黑光，蓦然临近，从陈恒的脖子前呼啸而过，没有停顿，而是一把扣在了陈恒的肩膀上。
Chen Heng instantly pushed back, and especially tried to move his neck out of the way. At the same time, Bai Xiaochun’s left hand shone with black light, shooting past Chen Heng’s neck and latching onto his shoulder.

碎候锁之力爆发，咔嚓一声！
The power of the Throat Crushing Grasp erupted, and a cracking sound rang out!

陈恒面色立刻苍白，汗珠流下，左侧肩膀的骨头，在这一刻全部碎裂，那种剧痛，让陈恒发出低吼。
Chen Heng’s face was ashen, and sweat was pouring down his face. The bones of his left shoulder instantly shattered, and the intense pain caused him to let out a bellow of rage.

他全身红光闪耀，传出一股大力，一把抓向白小纯的左手，白小纯想要收回，但此刻的陈恒，速度一样飞快，一把就抓住白小纯的手掌。
Red light shimmered around him as he unleashed massive power, grabbing Bai Xiaochun’s left hand. Although Bai Xiaochun was inclined to pull his hand back, Chen Heng was too fast, and in an instant, his hand locked onto Bai Xiaochun’s.

“死！” 他眼珠血丝弥漫，低吼时左手掐诀，正要一指白小纯眉心。
“Die!” he howled, eyes bloods hot as he performed an incantation gesture with his left hand and then reached out to tap Bai Xiaochun’s forehead.

白小纯目中狠辣之意浮现，身体竟猛地一抖，咔嚓一声，任由左手手掌的手指断裂，轮起身子，使得右腿掀起破空之音，轰的一声卷在了陈恒的身上。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flickered with a vicious gleam as he suddenly leaned to the side, allowing the bones in his left hand to snap as his right leg shot through the air and slammed into Chen Heng’s body .

陈恒喷出鲜血，身体倒退开来，抓着白小纯的手，也不由得松开，使得白小纯快速后退。
Blood sprayed out of Chen Heng’s mouth, and he was sent tumbling backward, with no choice other than to release his grip on Bai Xiaochun. That in turn allowed Bai Xiaochun to fall back at high speed.

这一退，二人之间空出十多丈的范围，白小纯双手已废，整个右臂碎裂，虽左臂还可以抬起，可手指都扭曲，无法施展碎候锁。
Within an instant, roughly thirty meters of space opened up between the two of them. Bai Xiaochun’s hands were both crippled. His right arm was mangled, and although the left one was intact, his twisted fingers were incapable of unleashing the Throat Crushing Grasp.

尤其是他的双腿，此刻更是颤抖，左腿完全变形了，右腿鲜血弥漫，方才那一脚，使得他右腿的伤势更严重了。
Both of his legs were shaking. The left one was distorted into an odd shape, and blood soaked his right leg. The kick he had just unleashed had come with a terrible price.

此刻站不稳身子，只能靠在一颗大树上，狠狠咬了下舌头，强忍着不昏迷，气喘吁吁，他已到了极限，此刻全身上下，只有左臂可以动，其他的地方都麻木了，但却摆出一副依旧可以再战的样子。
He could barely stand up, and was in fact forced to lean back against one of the towering trees. He bit down on his tongue to force himself from lapsing into unconsciousness. He was now at his very limit. The only limb he could actually move was his left arm.


Everything was numb.

而陈恒这里，此刻双眼赤红，他的左侧肩膀彻底碎灭，左手无法抬起，已然废掉，而胸口内更有几根骨头断裂，使得鲜血从嘴角不断溢出。
And yet, he still looked like he wanted to fight. As for Chen Heng, his eyes were bright red. His left shoulder felt like it was on fire, and he couldn’t even lift his right hand. Several of his ribs were broken, and blood ooz ed constantly out of his mouth.

“我小看你了！”
“I underestimated you!” he said hoarsely, glaring at Bai Xiaochun.

陈恒盯着白小纯，沙哑的开口，他没想到以自己的修为，击杀这重伤的白小纯，居然这么艰难，对方的炼体，在他看来近乎不死秘法一样，如此伤势，竟还没死亡。
He could never have imagined that with a cultivation base like his own, it would be so difficult to kill the injured Bai Xiaochun. From the look of it, Bai Xiaochun’s body refinement practices had led to some sort of undying secret magic that kept him alive despite such serious injuries.

而他这里也都几乎施展了所有术法，就连红魔都展开了。
In fact, to deal with him, Chen Heng had used almost every magical technique at his disposal, even the Red Devil Grand Magic.

“不过，这场斗法，该结束了！”
“Alright, it's time to end this fight!”

陈恒深吸口气，全身上下的红色，眨眼间如气化一样，从身体内升起，凝聚在半空，化作阵阵血雾，而他的身体也快速恢复正常的肤色，整个人似虚弱了不少，这场生死斗，就算是陈恒也都觉得艰难，眼前之人的求生太强了，尤其是恢复力更是惊人，那种以伤换杀，让人触目惊心。
Chen Heng took a deep breath. Suddenly, all of the redness in his skin seemed to evaporate, transforming into a mist that rose up into the air. Normal color rapidly returned to Chen Heng’s skin, and he seemed to weaken dramatically. The fight had been a difficult one even for Chen Heng, his oppon ent’s tenacious desire to stay alive, his shocking restorative powers, and his willingness to sustain damage to inflict fatalities was completely shocking.

“红魔秘法，血刀 斩！”
“Red Devil Secret Magic, Blood Saber Attack!”

陈恒咬破舌尖，喷出一口鲜血，瞬间那鲜血就化作血雾，融入他四周的雾气内，雾气立刻翻滚，眨眼间竟化作了一把血色的长刀！
Chen Heng bit down on his tongue and spit out a mouthful of blood. The blood merged into the blood mist from moments ago, which then roiled and, in the blink of an eye, transformed into a long, blood-colored saber!

此刀虚幻，足有一丈多大，其内赫然有无数面孔幻化，一个个发出痛苦的嘶吼，随着陈恒一指，这血色的长刀直奔白小纯！
The illusory saber was over three meters long and, shockingly, was covered with innumerable faces, all of which were emitting torturous screams. Chen Heng waved his finger, and the blood-colored saber began to move toward Bai Xiaochun!

施展这秘法后，陈恒整个人再次虚弱，扶着一旁的大树，他面色苍白，头发都花了一些。
Utilizing this secret magic caused Chen Heng to sag again in weakness, and he was forced to reach out and support himself on a nearby tree. His face was ashen, and some of his hair had even turned white.

“死吧！” 他望着白小纯，目中露出残忍。
“Die!” he growled, giving Bai Xiaochun an enraged stare.

一股前所未有的强烈危机，在这一刻从白小纯的体内轰然爆发，甚至他有种强烈的预感，无论自己如何闪躲，都无法避开，如同被冥冥中锁定。
An unprecedented sensation of crisis exploded up within Bai Xiaochun as he realized that no matter what he tried to do, he would not be able to dodg e or evade this blow. He was stuck.

甚至他前方的地面，此刻都裂开了一道缺口，他身后的大树，都刹那枯萎，那把血色长刀，迎头 直接斩下！
A crevice snaked toward him on the ground, and the tree behind him withered as the long, blood-colored saber rose up high and then slashed down toward him! Bai Xiaochun trembled, and his pupils constricted. He didn’t want to die, and in fact was terrified of it.

白小纯身体颤抖，瞳孔收缩，他不想死，他害怕死亡，可眼下不死长生功的恢复，也都难以逆转乾坤，此刻身体颤抖时，眼看那长刀来临，他忽然脑海如有灵光一闪，没有任何迟疑，抬起左臂，向前一挥，这一挥之下，立刻一道乌光从他体内蓦然飞出，眨眼扩大，阻挡在了他的身前，化作了一口 大锅！
Unfortunately, the regenerative properties of his Undying Live Forever Technique weren’t so heaven-defying that they could keep up with his current injuries. However, even as the blade descended, a sudden bit of inspiration flashed in his mind. Without the slightest hesitation, he waved his left hand, and a black beam of light shot out. In the blink of an eye, it grew larger, right there in front of him, forming into the shape of a wok!

正是龟纹锅！
It was none other than the turtle-wok!

在这大锅出现的一瞬，那血色长刀直接就斩在了锅上，传出了震耳欲聋的惊天之声，在这声音回荡时，那血色长刀颤抖，竟 寸寸碎裂，砰的一声，化作无数碎片崩溃开来。
As soon as the wok appeared, the blood-colored blade slashed down onto it, and a deafening boom rang out. The blood-colored blade began to vibrate violently and then shattered into countless pieces!

而那龟纹锅，甚至连一道细微的裂纹都没有出现，只是被这股大力撞击，化作一道乌光，消失在了白小纯的体内。
As for the turtle-wok, not even the slightest crack appeared on its surface, although the force of the attack transformed it into a black beam of light that shot back inside of Bai Xiaochun.

“不可能！”
“Impossible!”

陈恒身体一颤，鲜血大口喷出，他无法置信自己看到的这一幕，他施展此法本就虚弱，此刻功法被破，体内反噬之下，灵力顿时枯竭，眼前都有些昏暗了。
A tremor ran through Chen Heng, and he coughed up a mouthful of blood, an incredulous look on his face. He had already been in a weakened state when unleashing the magic, and now that it was broken, the backlash power slammed into him, instantly evaporating his spiritual power and turning his vision dim.

“那是 那是什么东西！”
“What what is that thing?”

“那是你龟爷！”
“A turtle shell, you bastard!”

白小纯死里逃生，嘴角溢出鲜血，站不稳身体，顺着身后的大树滑到下来，坐在那里，他笑了，笑声带着惨烈。
Bai Xiaochun growled as he stood there, clinging onto life. Blood oozed out of the corners of his mouth, and he rocked back and forth as he stood there. He stepped back, sliding down the trunk of the tree into a sitting position, and began to laugh bitterly.

“可惜，没有武器了 ”他已感受到体内的生机正飞快的黯淡，眼前的一切，实际上都已模糊了，他想要再召唤木剑，却没有了力气，想要召唤龟纹锅，却发现就连召唤的灵气，也都没有了，更不用说打开储物袋了。
“Too bad I don’t have any weapons” He could sense his life force fading away, and his vision was swimming. He thought of summoning his woode n sword, but simply didn't have the energy. Calling forth the turtle-wok had taken the last scrap of spiritual power he had.


He couldn't even open his bag of holding.

“不管你有什么秘密，死亡后，一切都是我的。”
“I don’t care what secrets you hold, once you’re dead, everything you have will belong to me.”

陈恒气喘吁吁，一样在此刻油尽灯枯，可终究是比白小纯好了一些，他盯着白小纯，沉默几息后，勉强直起身子，从储物袋内取出一把长剑，向着白小纯走去。
Chen Heng said, breathing raggedly. He was also like an oil lamp on the verge of sputtering out, although he was in a slightly better position that Bai Xiaochun. After a few breaths of time passed, he struggled to his feet and produced a long sword from his bag of holding, hefted it, and began to walk toward Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯也望着他，沉默不语，目中露出茫然，他想到了村子，想到了大胖，想到了李青候，想到了灵溪宗，还有好多身影，杜凌菲，侯云飞，侯小妹
Bai Xiaochun looked at him silently, eyes somewhat blank. He thought back to life in his village, and then he thought about Big Fatty Zhang. He recalled Li Qinghou, the Spirit Stream Sect, and the other amazing people he knew.


Du Lingfei.

一步一步，陈恒走到了白小纯的面前，低头望着整个人死气弥漫的白小纯，他看出了白小纯全身上下已废了，就连储物袋都无法打开，体内灵气更是枯萎。
Hou Yunfei. Hou Xiaomei Chen Heng slowly approached, then looked down at Bai Xiaochun, who was already emanating a powerful aura of death. He could see that Bai Xiaochun was riddled with wounds, and that he didn’t even have enough spiritual energy to ope n his bag of holding.

“记住我的名字，杀你者 落陈家族，陈恒。”
“Remember my name. I’m the person who killed you Chen Heng of the Luochen Clan.”

陈恒缓缓抬起手中的剑，这在平日里他甩袖就可飞出的剑，此刻拿在手中都觉得沉重。
He raised the sword, which he normally could send flying out with the flick of a sleeve, but now seemed extraordinarily heavy.

“杀死一个天骄，这种感觉非常好。”
“It's a wonderful feeling being able to kill a Chosen.”

陈恒忍着要昏迷的疲惫感，目中露出凶残，右手拿着长剑，向着白小纯的胸口，狠狠刺去。
Chen Heng was so tired that he was on the verge of passing out, but his eyes glinted with cruelty as he stabbed the sword down toward Bai Xiaochun’s chest.

可就在他刺去的瞬间，白小纯唯一能动的左臂，猛然间向着一旁的地面狠狠一戳，咔嚓一声，手臂的骨头顿时碎裂，一截锋利的骨尖穿透了皮肤，蔓延出来足有三寸多长。
However, even as he did that, Bai Xiaochun suddenly swung his left arm, slamming it into the ground. The bones snapped, and one of them even pierced out through his skin by about three inches.

他的身体，在这一刻骤然撑起，左臂挥舞，速度之快，爆发出生命中最后一丝力气，在长剑刺入自己胸口的瞬间，他的手臂也落在了陈恒的脖子上，骨尖 直接刺入陈恒一侧咽喉。
Then he lurched to his feet, propelling his left arm with the last bit of energy he had. Even as the sword stabbed into his chest, his arm slammed into Chen Heng’s neck, and the bone pierced directly into his throat.

做完这一切，白小纯身体倒下，气若游丝，整个人彻底的昏迷过去。
Then Bai Xiaochun fell to the ground and, energy completely spent, lapsed into total unconsciousness. A tremor ran through Chen Heng.

陈恒身体一震，这一切太快，快到他没有任何准备，快到他此刻疲惫的身躯，根本就无法避开，口中，脖子上，鲜血大量的喷洒出来，染红了四周的地面时，陈恒想要去捂住，可却止不住鲜血的喷洒，他怔怔的看着白小纯左臂上染血的骨尖，他觉得荒唐，觉得不可思议，目中露出不甘心，他的未来，他的追求，他的一切，在这一刻，化作了一声惨笑。
Everything had happened too quickly, giving him no time to prepare or react, and he had been too exhausted to dodg e. Once the bone stabbed into his neck, blood began to pour out onto the ground. He tried to cover the wound, but it did no good. He stared down at his own blood on the jagged bones which protruded from Bai Xiaochun's arm, and couldn’t help but marvel at how ridiculous the situation was.

“临死一击么 ”陈恒踉跄的退后几步，缓缓倒下时，气绝身亡，直至死亡，他的双眼内都睁着。
It didn't even seem possible. Eyes flickering with an unyielding gleam, he thought about all of his goals and pursuits in life, and then laughed a bitter laugh. “That was your dying blow, huh” He staggered back and toppled to the ground, de ad, his eyes staring up into the sky.

第六十二章 牛刀杀鸡！
0061 chapter-62

无名山脉，丛林深处，雷雨不知从什么时候，渐渐弱了，直至黄昏时分，雨水停下，远处尽管只有黯淡的夕阳，可依稀还能看到一些残缺的彩虹。
Deep within the jungle of the nameless mountain range, the rainfall eventually began to lighten. Around evening, it stopped, and the setting sun just managed to create a little bit of a rainbow.

似乎随着夕阳落下，这彩虹也渐渐的支离破碎。
However, as the sun set, the rainbow gradually faded away.

丛林内很寂静，就连血腥味也都消散，只有那一路上的尸体，见证着在这里，曾经发生了一场激烈的绝杀。
The jungle was quiet. Even the stench of blood had vanished. However, the corpse-lined path stretching backward bore testament to the deadly fighting which had played out.

陈恒倒在地上，直至死亡他都的目中似乎都有一股意志存在，有不甘心，有不可思议。
As Chen Heng slipped away into death, his eyes continued to shine with an unyielding, incredulous expression.

在他的尸体旁，白小纯一动不动，如果他的生命是一团火，那么此刻这团火已经熄灭了九成多，只剩下一个火苗，在那里求生的挣扎。
Next to his corpse, Bai Xiaochun lay still and unmoving. The flame of his life force was roughly ninety percent extinguished, with only a little spark left behind, struggling to stay alive.

许久，有脚步上从远处传来，踩着侵在泥水中的落叶，一步步临近，直至站在了陈恒的面前，脚步声消失。
Eventually, footsteps could be heard from off in the distance. Someone was walking through the muddy rainwater and fallen leaves, to eventually come to a stop next to Chen Heng.

那是一个老者，穿着一身黑色的长袍，一头白发飘摇，脸上的皱纹很多，一股浓浓的岁月沧桑之意，在他的身上遮盖不住，仿佛他在这片天地内，存活了太久太久，甚至这沧桑已化作了死气，笼罩四方。
It was an old man wearing a long black robe. He had flowing white hair, and his face was covered with wrinkles, making him seem profoundly ancient. Apparently, he had lived for so long than an aura of death was already seeping out from him.

“执念凝魂 身死却魂不散，可堪一用。”
“Intense focus has bolstered his soul he’s dead, and yet his soul hasn’t dispersed. But that won’t last for long.”

沙哑的声音，带着虚无缥缈之意，回荡在四周时，陈恒尸体的眉心突然裂开一道缝隙，一丝丝青色的气飘散出来，直至凝聚在半空时，化作了一个巴掌大小的模糊魂影。
The man’s voice was raspy, but also vague and bizarre as it echoed out into the jungle. Suddenly, the forehead of Chen Heng’s corpse split open, and a green wisp of qi floated out. It swirled together in midair, forming into the blurry image of a soul, about the size of the palm of a hand.

正是陈恒，只不过他的目中露出茫然，仿佛失去了一切神智，瑟瑟发抖。
This was Chen Heng, although his eyes were blank and he was trembling, as if his mind and consciousness were gone.

老者右手抬起一指，立刻陈恒的魂飞出，融入他的手指内消失不见。
The old man extended a finger, and Chen Heng’s soul flew toward him and disappeared inside.

这神秘的老者收走了陈恒的魂后，转头默默的望向白小纯，神色有些复杂，渐渐目中露出追忆。
After taking away Chen Heng’s soul, the mysterious old man looked over at Bai Xiaochun, mixed emotions playing out on his face. He even seemed to be reminiscing about the past.

“没想到，又看到了 不死长生功 ”老者闭上了眼，半晌之后轻叹一声，这叹息似乎改变了四周的虚无，使得这一片区域，仿佛时间的流逝与往常不一样了，如与世界隔绝。
“I never imagined that I would once again lay eyes on the Undying Live Forever Technique” He closed his eyes for a moment, and then sighed. That sound seemed to transform his surroundings. Time seemed to suddenly flow differently, as if the entire area were being separated from the rest of the world.

无数草木摇晃，眨眼间如寂灭般，化作了尘埃。
The innumerable plants in the area suddenly went still, as if in death, and then transformed into ash.

陈恒的尸体，肉眼可见的枯萎，也就是几个呼吸的时间，他整个人都成为了骸骨，直至化作了灰尘，融入泥水里。
Chen Heng’s corpse instantly withered up, and within the space of a few breaths of time, was nothing more than a skeleton. Even that turned into dust, which crumbled dow n into the muddy ground.

唯独白小纯，他不但没有腐朽，反而有大量的生机无形来临，融入他的身体内，飞速的修复他重伤的身躯。
Only Bai Xiaochun wasn't affected. In fact, vast amounts of life force poured into him, rapidly healing his various injuries.

老者闭着眼，站在那里，如一尊雕像，一动不动，他的身上若仔细去看，似乎 没有气息，没有生机，整个人仿佛并不存在于这片世界里，如一缕不愿往生的残魂。
The old man stood there with his eyes closed, as motionless as a statue. It almost looked as if he possessed no aura whatsoever, nor any life force. It was like he didn’t exist at all within the world, a discarnate soul who refused to be reborn.

与此同时，在陈恒死亡的瞬间，落星山脉内，落陈家族中，那位落陈老祖，他猛地睁开眼，心中升起阵阵不安，他目光扫过四周族人，尽管看到了派出去的十一个族人，死亡了不少，可陈恒的魂牌依旧还在，心底这才安稳了一些。
Meanwhile, in the same moment that Chen Heng died, Patriarch Luochen was back in the Luochen Clan in the Fallenstar Mountains. Suddenly, his eyes snapped open, and an uneasy feeling filled his heart. He looked around at the clan members around him, and could see that quite a few of the eleven cultivators sent out of the clan had been killed. However, when he saw that


Chen Heng’s soul still existed, he felt slightly better.

“只不过三个外门弟子而已，怎么会这么久 而且竟死了不少族人，不过以恒儿的修为，应不会有碍，或许现在恒儿已将那三位小辈击杀，正在回来的路上。”
“They’re only three Outer Sect disciples, how could they have lasted so long?” he muttered. “So many clan members have been killed. Well, considering the level of Heng’er’s cultivation base, there’s no way they could kill him. Most likely, he’s already wiped them out and is on his way back.”

落陈老祖沉吟时，那种不安的感觉还是存在，他双眼一闪，又派出几个凝气七层的族人，外出探查。
The uneasy feeling still lurked there inside of him, though. Eyes flickering, he sent a few more clan members out to investigate, all of whom were in the seventh level of Qi Condensation.

做完这些，他目中露出强光，深吸口气。
Having done that, he took a deep breath.

“不论如何，还有一天的时间，逆血，就可以成功了！”
“It doesn’t matter now. The Inverse Blood Grand Magic only needs one more day of work!”

落陈老祖一咬牙，将一切不安的思绪压下，他明白自己没有退路，也没有别的选择，只要再熬过一天 一切足矣！
Gritting his teeth, he suppressed the uneasiness he felt. He knew that there was no backing out of the plan now, and really no other option than to hold on for another day then everything would be worth it!

同样是在这个时候，在距离落陈老祖的阵法范围，不到十里的一片山谷内，侯云飞面色惨白，无法继续前行，整个人喷出鲜血，惨笑中倒下。
In that same moment, Hou Yunfei was in a valley a bit more than five kilometers away from the border of Patriarch Luochen’s security spell formation. His face was ashen, and he had reached the point where he couldn’t take another step further. Coughing up a mouthful of blood, he collapsed to the ground, chuckling bitterly.

“白师弟 对不起，没能救你 ”他昏迷前，死死的握着拳头，心中充满了悲伤与无助。
“Junior Brother Bai I’m sorry, I can’t save you” He clenched his hands in anguish and helplessness before passing into unconsciousness.

另一个方向，杜凌菲披头散发，整个人憔悴到了极致，她全身的经脉已断了七七八八，样子看起来也都与往日的明媚截然不同。
In another direction was Du Lingfei, her hair disheveled, her skin sallow. Her qi passageways were almost completely destroyed, and she cut a completely different picture than she had in the past, in her peak of beauty.

她的双眼无神，如同行尸走肉，全凭着一股惊人的意志支撑，此刻踉跄的疾驰，她的手中拿着一枚玉简，她此刻脑海里只有一个强烈的念头。
Her eyes were lustreless, and she looked almost like the walking dead. However, a shocking level of willpower kept her staggering forward, clutching a jade slip in her hand. There was only one thought in her head, a thought that wouldn't leave.

冲出去，传信宗门，救 白小纯。
She had to break free and send word to the sect. She had to save Bai Xiaochun.

一步一步，摔倒了就再爬起来，哪怕全身衣衫破损了不少，哪怕鲜血已都快干枯，哪怕她的眼前早就模糊，可她依旧 坚持的向前飞奔。
She proceeded along, one step after another. When she fell to the ground, she would crawl back to her feet. Her clothing was torn, her veins were bleeding dry, and she could barely see clearly. And yet she kept moving forward.

时间缓缓流逝，杜凌菲早就忘记了身体的伤势，忘记了自己的生命，她不知走了多久，直至在迈出一步时，全身猛地一颤，仿佛从水面了出来的感觉，让她无神的双眸内，在这一刹那出现了强烈的神采。
Time passed. Du Lingfei had long since forgotten about the injured state of her body . She wasn’t thinking about her own life, nor could she even remember how long she had been walking. She proceeded along until suddenly she experienced a sensation like passing through a sheet of water.

“出来了么 ”杜凌菲双唇干裂，此刻颤抖中一把捏住手中的玉简，这在半个月来始终没有动静的玉简，在这一刻猛地震动了一下，似乎一条无形的通道，穿越一切空间，将她与宗门 连接到了一起。
In that moment, her eyes began to shine brightly. “Am I out?” she murmured through parched, cracked lips. Trembling, she looked at the jade slip clutched in her hands, the jade slip which hadn’t so much as vibrated once during the past half month. But now, it vibrated, as though an invisible connection had suddenly been established linking her to the sect.

“落陈家族叛变，冯师兄战死，侯师兄生死不明，白师弟 为救我们引走敌人，正被追杀，弟子杜凌菲，求宗门 速速救援。”
“The Luochen Clan has turned traitor. Elder Brother Feng died in battle. I'm not sure if Elder Brother Hou is still alive, and Junior Brother Bai drew the enemy away so that we could escape. I am disciple Du Lingfei, and I beg of the sect to send backup immediately.”

杜凌菲传出音讯后，整个人一下子瘫软下来，坐在那里，回头望着身后的天地，眼泪流下。
As soon as she finished sending the message, Du Lingfei sagged down into a sitting position. Then she turned to look behind her, tears streaming dow n her face.

她忘记不了白小纯归来时的铁血身影，忘记不了白小纯冲出引走落陈家族时的悲壮，也忘记不了这一路上的种种事情。
She would never forget how Bai Xiaochun had returned to fight, as if he had veins of steel. She would never forget the tragic and moving image of him running out to draw the attention of the Luochen Clan. She would never forget everything that had happened on their journey together.

“白师弟，侯师兄 活下去 ”杜凌菲哭了，泪水不断地滑落时，整个人也支撑不住，昏迷过去。
“Junior Brother Bai, Elder Brother Hou you have to stay alive” Du Lingfei wept, her tears falling to the ground in front of her. Eventually, she couldn’t hold on any longer, and collapsed into unconsciousness.


As Du Lingfei was transmitting her message, the Missions Office back on the

几乎在杜凌菲传信宗门的瞬间，灵溪宗内，南岸香云山的任务阁，此地热闹非凡，不少外门弟子来来往往，在这阁楼深处，一个穿着道袍的中年男子正整理宗门的任务，他的面前放着数千枚玉简，但凡是接下任务的弟子，这里的玉简都会随时记录。
Fragrant Cloud Peak in the Spirit Stream Sect was as busy as ever. Outer Sect disciples were running back and forth handling various tasks, and deep within the Missions Office itself, there was a middle-aged man in a Daoist robe who was in the middle of maintaining the records about various missions. Arrayed in front of him was a collection of thousands of jade slips, which contained the information of all sect disciples with open missions.

突然的，其中一枚玉简光芒一闪，中年男子神色如常的招手，玉简飞来，他神识扫过后猛地睁大了眼，身体蓦然站起。
Suddenly, one of the jade slips flickered with light. Expression the same as ever, the middle-aged man waved his hand, causing the jade slip to fly over into his hand. After scanning it with divine sense, his eyes went wide, and he shot to his feet.

“落陈家族叛变！”
“The Luochen Clan has turned traitor!” he cried, panting.

他呼吸急促，此事太大，不管是真是假，他都需要立刻上报，这种事情若有人敢压下，那么将是灭绝的大罪，中年男子不敢耽搁，立刻从身上取出一枚紫色的玉简，赶紧传信。
The enormity of such a matter could not be understated. Whether or not it was true or false, he absolutely had to report the matter to his superiors. Holding back such information was a crime punishable by execution, so he didn't dare to dally. He immediately produced a violet jade slip from his robe and transmitted the new intelligence.

这份情报直接就传送到了执法堂，钱大金尽管是执法堂的人，可他的地位低微，此事也远非他可以碰触，整个执法堂在接到这份情报后，立刻开动，搜寻信息，这捍卫灵溪宗的执法堂，在这一刻爆发出了惊人的效率。
The report was instantly sent to the Hall of Justice. Of course, Qian Dajin worked in the Hall of Justice, but he had a very lowly position, and an intelligence report like this was something he didn’t even qualify to look at. Almost as soon as the report arrived at the Hall of Justice, the entire organization sprang into immediate action. After all, the Hall of Justice was tasked with defending the entire Spirit Stream Sect, and the efficiency with which they went about it was shocking.

只是用了一炷香的时间，就立刻确定了这份情报属实。
It only took the time it takes an incense stick to burn to verify the authenticity of the report.

很快的，整个南岸传出了阵阵战鼓之声，回荡八方时，所有的南岸弟子都愣了一下，那些外门弟子不知晓这战鼓是什么，可南岸三座山的内门弟子，无论是谁，在听到这战鼓的刹那，都神色大变，猛地抬头。
Then, war drums began to sound through the entire south bank. All of the disciples looked around in shock. The Outer Sect disciples didn't know the significance of the war drums, but the Inner Sect disciples on the three mountain peaks all knew, and it caused their expressions to flicker as they looked up from whatever they were doing.

“发生了什么事？”
“What happened?”

“战鼓起，不见血，不灭族，灵溪不归！
“When the war drums beat, we can’t return to the Spirit Stream Sect until blood i s shed and the enemy clan is exterminated!

天啊 ”
Heavens”

就在这所有人都惊骇时，突然的，一个苍老却森然的声音，在整个灵溪宗南岸，蓦然传开。
Even as everyone was reeling in shock, the voice of an old man suddenly filled the entire south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect.

“老夫执法堂欧阳桀，南岸三山，所有内门弟子，全部取消一切任务，一切活动，一切闭关，限二十息之内集结山门前！
“I am Ouyang Jie of the Hall of Justice. All Inner Sect disciples of the south bank’s three mountain peaks are to immediately cancel all previous missions, activities, and secluded meditation sessions. You have twenty breaths of time to gather at the main gate!

不得有误！”
Tardiness will not be tolerated!”

随着话语传出，青峰山，香云山，紫鼎山，所有内门弟子，无论在做什么事情，都全部身体一颤，一个个没有任何犹豫，全部急速冲出。
Even as the words left his mouth, the Inner Sect disciples on Green Crest Peak, Fragrant Cloud Peak, and Violet Cauldron Peak immediately dropped whatever tasks they had at hand. Trembling, but without the slightest hesitation, they sprang into motion.

即便是有再大的事情，此刻也不敢耽搁丝毫，因为欧阳桀这个名字，代表的是执法堂的长老，同时也代表着 冷酷无情！
Even people involved in important tasks didn’t dare to tarry for even a moment. Everyone knew that Ouyang Jie was an elder from the Hall of Justice, and that he was cold-hearted and merciless! He had a Daoist name in addition to his given name, he was known as Daoist

他有一个道号，叫做豺道人，一旦他出现，那么就表示出了什么让宗门勃然大怒的事情，需要 杀人，需要 灭族！
Jackal. For him to take the lead in a sect affair meant that something completely infuriating had occurred. It meant that people needed to die. It meant that a clan needed to be exterminated!

轰轰轰，无数身影呼啸而去，直奔山门，放眼看去，整个南岸三山，内门弟子足有一、两千人，这些人平日里看不到几个，可如今全部出现后，让所有外门弟子，全部震撼。
Rumbling sounds filled the air as countless figures appeared, speeding toward the main gate. Soon it became clear that among the three mountains of the south bank, there were at least two thousand Inner Sect disciples. Normally, it was a difficult thing to catch sight of one or two, so the sight of so many left the Outer Sect disciples completely shaken.

更有一群穿着黑色长衫的执法堂弟子，约莫数百人的样子，第一时间冲出，当首之人是个老者，这老者一头红发飘摇，整个人杀气弥漫，他正是欧阳桀。
There were also several hundred disciples from the Hall of Justice, clad in black robes and led by an old man with bright red hair. That old man radiated intense killing intent, and he was none other than Ouyang Jie.

此刻在这山门四周，足有两千多人，一个个都神色肃杀。
Soon, over two thousand people were gathered around the main gate, all of whom wore grim and somber expressions.

“落陈家族叛变，奉掌门之命，将此族 鸡犬不留，全部灭杀，请种道传送！”
“The Luochen Clan has turned traitor. The sect leader has ordered that their clan be exterminated all the way down to the chickens and dogs. Activate the Daoseed Teleportation Portal!”

欧阳桀大袖一甩，立刻灵溪宗正中间的种道山上，猛的一震，爆发出一道光柱。
Ouyang Jie waved his sleeve, instantly causing a huge pillar of light to rise up from Mount Daoseed, in the middle of the Spirit Stream Sect.

这光柱在半空中，立刻化作了一个巨大的传送阵，蓦然降临，笼罩山门内外两千多弟子，轰鸣一起，传送即将开始。
The light climbed up into the air, transforming into a huge teleportation portal, which instantly enveloped the two thousand disciples. Rumbling could be heard as the teleportation process began.

南岸所有外门弟子，此刻全部都倒吸口气，看着这一幕幕，他们心中很快升起强烈的自豪以及对宗门的认同感。
The Outer Sect disciples of the south bank gasped, and suddenly, they were filled with sensations of deep pride regarding their sect.

落陈家族，与灵溪宗比较，只是一个小家族而已，只有一位筑基修士，可如今，灵溪宗居然为了几个外门弟子，出动了两千多人，更有铁血的欧阳桀出现，这显然 是为了威慑！
Compared to the Spirit Stream Sect, the Luochen Clan was small, with only one Foundation Establishment cultivator. And yet, for the sake of a few Outer Sect disciples, the Spirit Stream Sect had mobilized two thousand individuals. Then there was the violent and powerful Ouyang Jie.

威慑所有灵溪宗范围内的修真家族，这不是杀鸡焉用牛刀，这是杀鸡定要用牛刀！
All of that was a mighty threat! It was a threat to all of the cultivator clans in the territory controlled by the Spirit Stream Sect. The old saying asks, “Why use a battle-axe to kill a chicken?”


In this situation, the Spirit Stream Sect provided the answer


“How else do y ou kill chickens than with battle-axes?”

而这样一个为了哪怕是外门弟子，也可以不惜代价出动如此之力的宗门，对于所有弟子而言，那种认同，强烈到了极致。
This was a sect that wouldn’t hold back any resources, not even when it came to Outer Sect disciples. That in turn caused the Outer Sect disciples’ loyalty toward their sect to reach new heights.

灵溪宗万年不倒，从一个微小的宗门一步步走到如今，自然有其惊人之处！
The Spirit Stream Sect had stood strong for ten thousand years, growing from a tiny little organization to its current height.

就在这时，突然的，香云山，山顶的大殿内，李青候面色铁青，身影轰鸣而出，一股滔天的煞气，在他的身上于这一刻惊天的爆发出来，形成了狂风，轰鸣四方，直奔阵法而来。
Naturally, there were aspects to it that others would find astonishing! It was in this moment that, all of a sudden, there on the temple at the very top of Fragrant Cloud Peak, Li Qinghou flew out, face grim, aura murderous. That aura swept out explosively, creating a wild tempest as he shot toward the teleportation portal.

第六十三章 碾压落陈！
0062 chapter-63

李青候刹那临近，站在阵法内，他的神色阴沉无比，整个人如一把出窍的刀，煞气弥漫。
It only took Li Qinghou a moment to reach the teleportation portal, where he hovered like an unsheathed blade, radiating an intense murderous aura.

欧阳桀看了李青候一眼，双目微微一缩，整个南岸，三山的掌座内，他最在意的就是这李青候，同时对方也是整个灵溪宗所在意之人。
Ouyang Jie looked over at him, and his pupils constricted slightly. Among the three peak lords on the south bank, Ouyang Jie viewed Li Qinghou as the most important. In fact, he was actually one of the most important people in the entire Spirit Stream Sect.

除了药师的身份外，李青候的天资之高，也是极为少见，如今修道才百年，就已是筑基后期，甚至被誉为宗门内，最有可能突破筑基踏入金丹的希望之一。
Not only was he a master apothecary, his profound natural talents were extremely rare. For example, he had only practiced cultivation for about a hundred years, but had already reached late Foundation Establishment. In fact, it was even said that, within the entire sect, he was the most likely candidate to break through from Foundation Establishment and acquire a Gold Core.

“听说那四个外门弟子里，有一人与李青候有些关联 ”欧阳桀若有所思时，四周阵法轰鸣而起，无数光芒刺目闪耀，眨眼间，巨响滔天，连同他以及李青候在内，此地两千多人，顷刻身影模糊，眨眼间消失。
“I heard that one of those four Outer Sect disciples is connected to Li Qinghou somehow” Ouyang Jie thought. At the same time, rumbling could be heard from the spell formation, and countless dazzling beams of light rose up. Instantly, the group of two thousand cultivators, including Li Qinghou, became blurry, and then disappeared altogether.

白小纯三人当时需要数月才可以走到的地方，此刻在灵溪宗的阵法传送下，只是几个呼吸的时间，就瞬间降临。
The journey which had taken Bai Xiaochun and the others several months to complete, occurred in only a few seconds, thanks to the activation of the Spirit Stream Sect’s teleportation portal.

轰轰之声如天雷翻滚，在昏迷的杜凌菲的上方，整个天空一下子阴暗，无数云层如被一双无形的大手直接撕开，巨响滔天时，一个巨大的阵法之影，瞬间出现。
Rumbling like thunder filled the air over Du Lingfei’s unconscious form. The sky dimmed as something like an invisible hand ripped open a huge rift, revealing the image of an enormous spell formation.

猛的向着大地砰然落下，直接烙印在了地面上，使得方圆百里的范围，地面颤抖，如起了火焰，一条条沟壑出现，一瞬就烙印出了一个巨大的阵法印记。
It descended rapidly to the ground, causing everything to quake in a fifty kilometer area. Blazing, fiery lines appeared in the ground as the shape and design of the spell formation appeared on the surface of the land.

在这百里内，一切草木，一切山石，包括一座山峰，都在这一瞬，灰飞烟灭，消散无影，这阵法之力太霸道，降临时毁灭所有。
Within that 50 kilometer area, all grass, rocks, mountains, everything turned into ash, vanishing in an instant. This spell formation was incredibly domineering, and destroyed everything that got in its way.

杜凌菲所在的四周，在这阵法降临的瞬间就被保护，使得她没有受到丝毫的伤害，此刻随着阵法落下，大地颤抖中，一道道身影从模糊中快速的清晰。
Du Lingfei was in that area, and immediately fell under the protection of the spell formation, ensuring she wasn’t harmed at all. Even as the land shook, numerous figures came into view. It took only a moment for the more than two thousand Inner Sect disciples from the south bank to appear.


There was still enough teleportation power swirling around them for another teleportation to be carried out, but first,

很快的，两千多南岸内门弟子，全部出现，他们身上还残留着传送之力，还可传送一次，欧阳桀与李青候，快步走出，直奔昏迷的杜凌菲，早有几个内门女弟子上前，给杜凌菲喂下丹药，盖上衣服，以自身灵气滋养，使得杜凌菲慢慢睁开了眼，神色内先是恍惚，在看到了宗门众人后，她哭了，那种激动之意，直接充斥全身。
Ouyang Jie and Li Qinghou strode forward to the unconscious Du Lingfei. Several female disciples reached her ahead of them, covering her with a set of spare garments and also administering some medicinal pills. With the influx of spiritual energy, Du Lingfei gradually opened her eyes. Her expression was blank, but when she saw all of the forces from the sect surrounding her, she began to weep, and a feeling of excitement floode d through her.

尤其是她身为香云山的外门弟子，在看到香云山的掌座李青候后，眼泪更多，在身边同门的搀扶下焦急开口。
Furthermore, considering she was an Outer Sect disciple of Fragrant Cloud Peak, when she noticed Peak Lord Li Qinghou standing there, even more tears welled up in her eyes. At the same time, disciples on either side of her helped her to rise to a sitting position.

“掌座，救白师弟 ”杜凌菲面色苍白，声音带着哀求。
“Peak Lord, please rescue Junior Brother Bai” she implored, face ashen.

“白小纯怎么了！”
“What happened to him?”

李青候一步走来，刹那出现在了杜凌菲的面前，目中压着愤怒与焦急，急声开口。
Li Qinghou said, stepping forward to stand directly in front of Du Lingfei. His eyes burned with fury and deep anxiety.

“白师弟 他为了救我和侯云飞侯师兄，独自飞出，将落陈家族追杀者引走 ”杜凌菲哭泣，将这一路上白小纯的事情，全部说出。
“Junior Brother Bai went out on his own to draw the Luochen Clan cultivators away, so that Elder Brother Hou and I could escape. They started chasing after him” Weeping, she went on to explain the entire situation.

四周两千多弟子，他们几乎全部人，都不认识白小纯，可渐渐地，听着杜凌菲的话语，他们全部神色动容，这过程的惨烈，让他们每个人都倒吸口气。
Few of the surrounding two thousand disciples knew Bai Xiaochun, but as they listened to Du Lingfei’s tale, they were visibly moved. The intense and tragic events even caused them to gasp.

冯炎为了保护同门而战死，侯云飞与杜凌菲拼了一切生死逃亡，而落陈家族，竟派出了两拨人，数个凝气八层，还有凝气九层
They learned about how Feng Yan fell in battle to protect his fellow disciples, and how Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei risked almost certain death to try to escape. They heard about how the Luochen Clan sent out two waves of cultivators in pursuit, including several in the eighth level of Qi

这样的追杀，换了其他内门弟子，独自一人怕也是九死一生。
Condensation, and one in the ninth Even these members of the Inner Sect would be hard pressed to make it out alive under such circumstances.

尤其是杜凌菲话语中的白小纯，这就是一个有情有义，甚至已是天骄般的人物。
When Du Lingfei talked about Bai Xiaochun, they could sense how devoted and loyal he was. In fact, he was already the type of person who could be considered Chosen.

他本可以独自逃走，可却归来救下同门，越阶击杀强敌数人，一路奔波，带着两个重伤的同门，生生逃了大半个月天，走了近万里路。
He had the option of fleeing on his own, but instead returned to save his fellow disciples. He fought enemies far more powerful than himself, then helped carry his two wounded companions for more than half a month, on a journey of nearly 5,000 k ilometers.

最后，更是舍生取义，引走强敌，给同门留下活下去的希望，这才有了杜凌菲的传信，否则的话，怕是此刻宗门还不知晓落陈家族的叛变之事。
In the end, he chose to sacrifice himself rather than his principles, all to give his fellow disciples a chance to make it out alive. The result was that Du Lingfei was able to send her message. Were it not for that, the sect might not have learned about the traitorous actions of the Luochen Clan until it was too late.

慢慢的，白小纯的身影，在此地所有内门弟子心中，已清晰无比，那是一个充满了情义，高大无比，如同一个英雄的铁血汉子。
It didn’t take long before Bai Xiaochun's name had taken root deep within the hearts of the Inner Sect disciples. To them, he was profoundly devoted and loyal, an elegant and even heroic man, someone with veins of steel. The people from the Hall of Justice were completely shaken.

就连执法堂的人，也都纷纷心神震动，钱大金也在其中，他呆了一下，他实在无法将白小纯的形象，与杜凌菲所说的那个人重叠在一起，他当初一时冲动暗中使坏，后来也有忐忑宗门调查，心底本也并非完全确定白小纯就是小乌龟，但他为人心胸狭窄，因嫉升恨，想的是宁杀错不放过，此刻心中也松了口气，冯炎一死，这就神不知鬼不觉了。
Among their number was Qian Dajin, whose jaw dropped as he heard Du Lingfei’s story. He almost couldn’t believe that the Bai Xiaochun she was talking about was the same person in his mind. His impulsive plotting earlier had left him nervous about possible investigations on the part of the sect. Although he hadn’t been absolutely sure that Bai Xiaochun was the little turtle, in his pettiness, he would rather kill the wrong person accidentally than risk the right person getting away.


As of this moment, he breathed a sigh of relief.


With Feng Yan being dead, there was no way word would get out.

有着豺道人之称，铁血无情的欧阳桀，也都在这一刻深吸口气，目中露出敬重，以他的修为，自然一眼看出杜凌菲没有说谎，甚至她所说的，怕是不足真实情况的一半。
Even the iron-hearted Ouyang Jie, Daoist Jackal, couldn't help but sigh in response to the tale, and a gleam of admiration appeared in his eyes. Considering the level of his cultivation base, he could tell at a glance that Du Lingfei wasn’t making the story up, everything she had said, although perhaps not completely accurate, was the truth.

“这样的一位弟子，我灵溪宗决不允许他陨落在此！”
“The Spirit Stream Sect cannot permit a disciple such as that to perish in this place!”

欧阳桀大袖一甩，立刻安排了数百内门弟子，全力搜寻，寻找侯云飞与白小纯。
Ouyang Jie flicked his sleeve and immediately sent several hundred disciples out to search for Hou Yunfei and Bai Xiaochun.

李青候沉默，缓缓抬起头，他的目中露出一抹血丝，他心中泛起苦涩，白小纯的做法，让他觉得自己没有看错那个孩子，可他明白在这样的环境下，白小纯生存的可能 微乎其微。
Li Qinghou slowly looked off into the distance, eyes completely bloods hot, heart aching bitterly. Considering what Bai Xiaochun had done here, Li Qinghou suddenly felt as if he had judged him incorrectly. At the same time, he knew that, considering the circumstances, Bai Xiaochun chances of getting out alive were small, to say the least.

“你是我带上山的 ”李青候全身煞气轰然爆发，身体向前一步走出，全身光芒一闪，借助灵溪宗残存在众人身上的传送之力，他身影刹那模糊，直奔落陈家族而去。
“And I was the one who brought you to this sect” he thought. His murderous aura exploded out with even more intensity. Taking a step forward, he drew upon some of the remaining teleportation power to suddenly vanish in the direction of the Luochen Clan.

欧阳桀轻叹，也听了杜凌菲的话后，心底也明白，白小纯凶多吉少，此刻身体一晃，带着余下的两千人，全部传送。
Ouyang Jie sighed. After hearing Du Lingfei’s tale, he knew that the situation did not bode well for Bai Xiaochun. Flickering into motion, he gathered the remaining forces and began another teleportation.

巨响滔天，回荡八方，李青候与欧阳桀，带着两千内门弟子，出现时，赫然在了落星山脉，在了落陈家族宅子的半空中。
Rumbling echoed out in all directions as Li Qinghou and Ouyang Jie led nearly two thousand disciples to appear in midair above the Luochen Clan mansion in the Fallenstar Mountains.

这一次，半空中的云层刹那碎裂，化作一股冲击向着四周横扫，天地之力蓦然爆发，宅子内传出无数惊呼的同时，阵法之影骤然降临，直奔落陈家族而去。
The cloud layers were ripped apart as the teleportation portal became a powerful attack bearing down with intense energy of heaven and earth. Cries of alarm rang out within the mansion as the spell formation descended upon it.

轰轰轰！
RUUUUUUUUUUMBLE!

阵法落下，烙印大地，落陈家族四周所有的青石地面，在这一刹那全部崩溃，成为了飞灰，还有那宅子，也在这一瞬摇晃，直接坍塌。
The spell formation landed, instantly shattering the limestone flooring, transforming it into ash. The mansion itself collapsed into rubble.

一声声怒吼从宅子内传出，一道道身影急速飞出，带着愤怒，带着绝望，发出凄厉之音。
Roars of rage echoed out as numerous figures flew out, expressions of fury and hopelessness on their faces.

门前的两个石狮子，还有宅子内的那几颗果树，立刻化作傀儡，向着四周扑杀，李青候第一个走出，大袖一甩，顿时那两个石狮子轰的一声崩溃，果树颤抖，上面的所有果实全部落下，向着四周逃命时，立刻被人全部灭杀。
The guardian stone lions and the fruit trees from the courtyard transformed into puppets that instantly went on the offensive. Li Qinghou was the first person to make a move. He waved his sleeve, causing the lions to explode loudly. As for the fruit trees, they trembled, and the fruit began to fall off their branches.


However, even as the fruits fled, they were destroyed.

轰鸣不断，此地被灵溪宗弟子彻底围绕，灭绝而来。
Rumbling echoed out as the Spirit Stream Sect disciples unleashed mass destruction.

李青候身体直接飞入落陈家族的宅子废墟中，右手掐诀一指，一团青色的火出现，向着四周一挥，他的头发飞扬时，一股惊天动地之力，轰然爆发。
Li Qinghou shot toward the center of the destroyed Luochen Clan mansion. His right hand flashed with an incantation gesture, and he waved his finger, summoning a green fireball. His hair flew wildly about him as he then sent the fireball blasting dow n into the ground.

四周火海瞬间扩散，冲击废墟，使得这落陈家族的宅子，顿时被卷起，而那几个冲来的族人，也都一个个发出凄厉的惨叫，身体燃烧，眨眼灭绝。
Flames erupted, smashing into the rubble of the mansion and sweeping it away. The handful of enemy cultivators who had been attacking let out miserable shrieks as they were instantly incinerated.

李青候右脚抬起向着地面狠狠一踏，他脚下大地直接碎裂，一道巨大的裂缝，如被生生的撕开，露出了下面的地宫。
Next, Li Qinghou lifted his right foot into the air and stamped it down hard. The land shattered, and a huge crevice was ripped open, revealing the necropolis dow n below.

在这地宫出现的瞬间，一片血湖蓦然卷出，其内落陈家族的老祖，急速飞出。
At almost exactly the same time, a vortex of blood spiraled out, followed by the Luochen Clan’s patriarch. When the man saw Li Qinghou, his face filled with an expression of despair. The Spirit Stream Sect had arrived too suddenly.

他在看到李青候后，神色绝望，灵溪宗来的突然，他的阵法眼看就要完成，若是来的是别人，他凭着曾经的准备，或许还可周旋一下，可来的居然是李青候与欧阳桀！
The spell formation he was working on was on the cusp of being completed, and had anyone else arrived, he might have been able to delay them for long enough. But unexpectedly, the people who came were none other than Li Qinghou and Ouyang Jie!

他身体急速后退，口中发出悲哀的凄厉之音。
The patriarch fell back, crying out miserably, “Flee!

“逃，能逃出几个，就逃出几个！”
Anyone who can escape, get out of here!”

地宫内，所有落陈家族的族人，一个个颤抖，向着四周快速疾驰，可这八方都被围绕，在面无表情的欧阳桀的挥手间，所有的内门弟子，立刻冲杀过去。
Trembling, the Luochen Clan cultivators in the necropolis scattered in all directions. However, Ouyang Jie’s face was expressionless as he waved his hand, sending the Inner Sect disciples after them in pursuit.

李青候双眼一凝，看着落陈老祖身体外的那些血湖之水，神色动容，不但是他这里如此，欧阳桀也是在看到血湖后，露出怒意。
Li Qinghou’s eyes locked onto Patriarch Luochen, and the lake of blood that surrounded him. Ouyang Jie did the same, and then, flames of rage appeared in both mens’ eyes. “You slaughtered innocent mortals?” Li Qinghou growled.

“肆戮凡俗，此族不灭，天理难容！”
“The heavens cannot tolerate the existence of a clan like yours!”

李青候大袖一甩，四周火海蓦然爆发。
With that, he waved his sleeve, sending a destructive sea of flames out.

与此同时，四周凄厉之音不断传出，灵溪宗内门弟子围剿而来，这不是杀戮，这是碾压！
At the same time, bloodc urdling screams began to rise up as the Spirit Stream Sect disciples began to slaughter and crush the Luochen Clan cultivators.

两千人，击杀数百人。
Two thousand people versus a few hundred.

眼看族人一个个死亡，无论是自己的儿孙还是其他血脉族人，都在灵溪宗的灭绝下，全部惨死，落陈老祖扬天凄吼，后退更快。
Patriarch Luochen could only watch as everyone in his clan was killed, both descendants from his own bloodline, and members of other bloodlines. Screaming miserably, he fled at top speed in an attempt to escape.

可就在他退后的瞬间，轰鸣传出，一片火海从八方卷来，速度之快，气势之强，铺天盖地，直接将落陈老祖笼罩，李青候面色阴冷，右手抬起，狠狠一捏。
However, in that instant, he was overwhelmed by Li Qinghou’s sea of flames. Face extremely grim, Li Qinghou clenched his hand into a fist.

轰！
RUMBLE!

落陈老祖发出凄厉的惨叫，全身被火焰凝聚，瞬间血肉模糊，眨眼的功夫，整个人成为了飞灰，竟被李青候 一击灭杀！
Patriarch Luochen’s screams intensified as he erupted into flames. His flesh and blood were incinerated, and in the blink of an eye, he was reduced to nothing more than ash. Li Qinghou killed him with one attack!

这一幕，让四周所有内门弟子，全部倒吸口气，就连欧阳桀，也都猛的睁大了眼，看向李青候时，心中震撼。
When the surrounding Inner Sect disciples saw that, they gasped in shock. Even Ouyang Jie’s eyes went wide in astonishment.

李青候站在半空，许久一挥手，他四周火海再次爆发，笼罩落陈家族，将这里的一切全部焚烧后，他遥望远方，神色内有些没落，轻叹一声。
As Li Qinghou hovered there in midair, he waved his hand again, sending the sea of flames exploding out again. The entire Luochen Clan was engulfed, and everything began to burn. Li Qinghou looked off into the distance, his expression somewhat disconsolate.

“白小纯，我李青候 对不住你们白家。”
Sighing, he said, “Bai Xiaochun, I, Li Qinghou have let down your Bai Clan.”

他苦涩中向着远方走去，他不放心别人去找白小纯，但凡有一丝希望，他都要自己去搜寻一番。
In his bitterness, he flew off into the distance. He wasn’t willing to entrust the search for Bai Xiaochun to others. If there was even the slightest hope that he was alive, he himself would search for him.

随着李青候远去，身后火海滔天，四周那些内门弟子，一个个在火光中渐渐露出振奋，宗门越是强大，则他们的未来，就越是辉煌。
Li Qinghou left, flames rising high into the sky behind him. As for the Inner Sect disciples, expressions of excitement began to appear on their faces. Now more than ever, they realized how pow erful and glorious their sect was.

第六十四章 精神与葬礼
0063 chapter-64


As Ouyang Jie watched Li Qinghou leaving, his voice rang out to the surrounding disciples.

“分散开，全力寻找白小纯，找到者，老夫亲自给予贡献点奖赏，途中若看到落陈家族在外的族人，全部灭杀！”
“Split up and do everything you can to locate Bai Xiaochun. Whoever finds him will receive a reward of merit points from me personally. If you encounter any surviving Luochen Clan cultivators, kill them!”

欧阳桀收回看向李青候背影的目光，缓缓开口时，四周所有弟子，顿时扩散开来。


方圆万里，两千多人全面寻找，一连寻找了一个月。
Two thousand cultivators spent an entire month searching the 5,000 kilometer area.

这一个月的时间，方圆万里几乎被全部搜寻一遍，可惜始终没有人找到白小纯，但这一路上，被白小纯击杀的那些落陈家族族人的尸体，随着一具具被发现，越来越多的内门弟子，心中震撼。
They searched virtually every possible location, but no one ever found Bai Xiaochun. However, they did discover the corpses of the Luochen Clan cultivators he had killed. As corpses turned up one after another, the Inner

那些落陈家族的族人，大都是一击毙命，这让所有人很难去想象，一个凝气六层的外门弟子，到底是如何做到的。
Sect disciples grew more and more shocked. Virtually all of the Luochen Clan cultivators had been killed with a single blow. The Inner Sect disciples could scarcely imagine how an Outer Sect disciple in the sixth level of Qi Condensation could possibly have done something like that.

钱大金也连连吸气，他忽然觉得白小纯还是死了好，不然的话，如此生猛，怕是自己也非其对手，且他看到了李青候的愤怒，他心中忐忑已到了极致，暗自叫苦。
Qian Dajin gasped over and over again, and suddenly realized it would actually be much better for him if Bai Xiaochun was dead. He himself was probably not a match for someone so violent and powerful. Li Qinghou’s fury caused him to grow more nervous, and he even began to wail inwardly.

“该死的，你有如此背景，你早说啊，你要说了，我才不招惹你！”
“Dammit!" he thought. "Why didn’t you tell me you had such connections? If you had, I would never have provok ed you!”

尤其是在那无名的山脉丛林内，他们看到了三位凝气八层落陈族人的尸体，看着那里的惨烈，脑海里都出现了画面，每个人都心神强烈的震动。
Eventually they found the corpses of the three disciples who were in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and they could only imagine what that bitter, intense battle must have been like. It left them reeling.

搜寻了一个月，渐渐大家都明白，白小纯 应该是死了，死亡的地点，就是这片无名的山脉丛林，此地凶兽不少，有太多的方法可以让一个人在死亡后，别人发现不了尸体。
Soon everyone came to the conclusion that Bai Xiaochun had most likely been killed in that nameless mountain range. That was a place rife with perilous beasts, and numerous other dangers that could kill a person and leave no corpse behind.

尤其是他们从两个之前被陈恒派出的落陈家族族人口中，知道追杀白小纯的，极有可能是修为凝气九层的落陈少主后，他们已意识到，白小纯 真的死了。
Eventually, they captured the two Luochen Clan disciples that Chen Heng had dispatched after Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei. When they learned that one of the people chasing Bai Xiaochun had been none other than the Luochen Clan’s crown prince, who was in the ninth level of Qi Condensation, they all resigned themselves to the fact that Bai Xiaochun really must be dead.

一个月后，众人结束了搜寻，回归宗门，侯云飞被找到了，他伤势虽重，可在宗门的全力治愈下，并无大碍。
After the month of searching ended, everyone returned to the sect. Hou Yunfei had been found relatively early on, seriously injured, but alive. With the full power of the sect focused on healing him, he ended up being just fine.

他与杜凌菲，此番为宗门立下不小的功劳，可他们的心中却没有丝毫的振奋，有的只是悲哀，只是回忆。
Both he and Du Lingfei had performed significant meritorious service for the sect, but that left them with no feeling of excitement. Instead, they felt sadness, and couldn't stop thinking about the events which had occurred.


Both of them wanted to go back to join the search efforts when they were underway, but their injuries were too serious.


The only person who refused to give up on searching for Bai Xiaochun was Li Qinghou.

他们两个都不想回去，可伤势太重，被带回宗门，李青候留了下来，他独自一人，在这片无名的山脉丛林内，又搜寻了整整两个月，除了一些就算是他也都无法踏入的区域外，几乎将这片山脉走遍，可诡异的，竟还是没有找到分明就在这丛林内的白小纯，仿佛，白小纯与这片丛林，看似在一起，可却是两个世界。
He journeyed alone into the nameless mountain range, where he searched for two full months. Other than a few places that even he couldn’t enter, he searched the length and breadth of the mountains. Strangely, even though it seemed clear that Bai Xiaochun had to be in these very mountains, he couldn't find a single trace of him. It was almost as if Bai Xiaochun were currently in some other world.

甚至为了寻找，他还在这片山脉丛林内，与不少强悍的凶兽交战，自身也有了伤势，直至两个月后，他苦涩的看着一颗大树，那树上有干枯的鲜血，有一片衣服角。
During the process of the search, he ended up fighting quite a few powerful beasts, and was even injured by some of them. Two months later, it was with great bitterness that he stood in front of a certain tree with a blood-stained scrap of cloth stuck to it.

“若我没有带你上山 ”李青候闭上眼，脑海里浮现白小纯在帽儿山上，在雷霆中怕死的模样，回想起自己拎着对方，走在万蛇谷内时惨叫的样子，回想起宗门小比，还有那十座石碑第一的一幕幕。
“If I hadn’t brought you to the sect” Li Qinghou thought. When he closed his eyes, he recalled the image of Bai Xiaochun there on Mount Hood, looking scared to death of the lightning and thunder. He thought about how frightened he had looked at 10,000 Snakes Valley, about what had happened during the sect competition, and about how he had taken first place in all the stone steles.

沉默中，他长叹一声，整个人似乎都老了一些，将那片衣服收起，这一路，他已搜到了七八片这样染着血的衣服碎片。
He sighed silently, seemingly growing older as he reached out and picked up the bloodstained cloth. He had already picked up seven or eight similar pieces of cloth just like this during his search.

最后，李青候默默的走出丛林，化作一道长虹，飞向远方。
In the end, he left the jungle, transforming into a beam of light that shot off into the distance.

这场落陈家族的叛乱，至此结束，灵溪宗以雷霆手段，直接灭绝叛乱者，此事轰动四方，使得通天河东脉下游，占据四大洲的东脉修真界，无数修真家族与宗门，全部知晓，对于独占东林洲，东脉下游修真界四大宗门之一的灵溪宗，更为忌惮。
Thus ended the rebellion of the Luochen Clan. The Spirit Stream Sect struck like lightning, completely wiping out the traitors. The matter caused quite a stir in the Eastwood Lower Reaches of the Heavenspan River. In the cultivation world of the Eastwood Continent, which was one of the four great continents, countless cultivator clans and sects learned of the matter.


As a result, the awe felt toward the Spirit Stream Sect grew, a sect that was one of the Four Great Sects in the Eastwood L ower Reaches.

而关于落陈家族叛变的缘由，也在灵溪宗的追查下，找出了很多的线索，血脉印记只是一方面，还有更深层次的幕后之因，这些线索组合在一起后，涉及太大，灵溪宗都震惊了。
After an investigation by the Spirit Stream Sect, they found some clues as to why the Luochen Clan had turned traitor. The bloodline seal was one reason, but there was an even more profound motivation. After piecing together various clues, the vast ramifications left the Spirit Stream Sect shocked.

一旦此事灵溪宗没有来得及阻止，那么将牵一发动全身，若落陈家族成功，那么灵溪宗范围内所有的修真家族，都将闻风而动，一一叛乱，若此时有大敌入侵，那么将引起不可逆转的严重后果，甚至会动摇宗门。
If they hadn't stopped the matter when they did, the resulting chain reaction would have led to numerous other cultivator clans hearing about the matter and then following along in the rebellion. It would have been almost the same as a powerful enemy invading Spirit Stream Sect territory, and would have led to grave repercussions, potentially even the destabilization of the sect.

而杜凌菲三人的功劳，在这一刻，至关重要，尤其是白小纯这里，若没有他的舍身取义，那么这个消息，也很难及时传回。
The news about the deeds accomplished by Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei quickly spread, as did the stories of Bai Xiaochun nobly sacrificing himself.

尤其在这次事件里，白小纯没有扔下同门独逃，为救同门引走敌人，此事让所有人动容，修真界自私的人很多，如白小纯这样的人，已经很少了，这样的弟子陨落，让包括掌门在内的所有宗门长老，都心中痛惜。
The fact that he had refused to abandon his fellow disciples, and had even used himself as bait to lead the enemy away, left many people moved. The cultivation world was full of selfish people, individuals like Bai Xiaochun were not common. The loss of such a disciple left many people, even the Sect Leader and Elders, feeling very aggrieved.

此次事情背后牵扯太大，随着更多的线索被查出，灵溪宗沉默了，处于某种原因，他们没有继续追查，但整个宗门内的筑基修士，却一个个平日里警惕了很多。
There were other implications that came along with the whole event. However, as more clues came to light, the Spirit Stream Sect only grew more silent. For some unknown reason, they eventually stopped investigating. However, all of the Foundation Establishment cultivators in the sect increased their level of vigilance to a point far beyond normal.

仿佛 山雨欲来。
Apparently a storm was coming.

南北两岸的七个掌座，连同掌门以及诸多长老，在进行了数日的沟通与研究后，他们达成了一致。
The south and north banks together had seven peak lords. In addition to that were the sect leader and other elders. After much discussion and research, they came to a unanimous decision.

杜凌菲，侯云飞，还有陨落的冯炎，立下功劳，尤其是白小纯 他这一次立下了大功！
Du Lingfei, Hou Yunfei, as well as the perished Feng Yan, had all performed meritorious service. As for Bai Xiaochun he had accomplished a tremendous service beyond the ordinary! The final decision was explained by Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong.

“山雨欲来前，更需要 一股精神存在，那是我们灵溪宗万年来不变的精神，白小纯用生命立下如此大功，我等当厚泽，为其举行葬礼，但凡为宗门做出贡献者，宗门永久不忘！”
“A storm is coming. The most important thing is to lift everyone’s spirits. For ten thousand years, the morale of our sect has remained high. Considering the tremendous service Bai Xiaochun has performed, at the cost of his very life, we can only repay his kindness by having a grand funeral.

这是灵溪宗掌门郑远东，最终说出的一句话。
Those who contribute to the sect shall never be forgotten.”

之后的日子，关于落陈家族叛变之事的幕后缘由，灵溪宗虽没有追查下去，可宗门内却借助这一次的机会，用了很大的宣传力度，大力弘扬白小纯的那种为了同门舍身，为了宗门取义的壮举。
In the following days, although the Spirit Stream Sect didn’t investigate any further into the reasons for the betrayal of the Luochen Clan, they took every oppor tunity to spread the story of how Bai Xiaochun had sacrificed himself for his fellow disciples, and how he had nobly fought for the sect.

他的事迹，被宗门传开，使得南北两岸所有山峰的弟子，都知道了白小纯，都知道白小纯为了救同门，所做出的一切事情。
As the story was propagated, more and more disciples from the various mountain peaks on both the south and north banks learned of the name Bai Xiaochun, and what he had don e to save his fellow disciples.

同时，宗门对于这种有情有义的弟子，绝不会让其寒心，明明一个李青候就可以灭绝的家族，宗门却倾南岸两千多内门弟子出动，声势浩大，以牛刀杀鸡。
Of course, the sect itself wasn’t ambivalent to such a devoted and loyal disciple. Li Qinghou had eradicated an entire clan, and two thousand Inner Sect disciples had been mobilized. Sending such a powerful force to handle the situation was truly like killing a chicken with a battle-axe.

此事让宗门内的所有弟子，在记住了白小纯这个名字的同时，也都无比感动，哪怕这里面有宗门刻意而为的做法，但 这种刻意，每一个弟子都渴望存在。
Not only did all the disciples in the sect remember Bai Xiaochun’s name, they were moved by how the sect reacted to the situation. Even though the sect had obviously reacted in such a way intentionally that reaction was exactly what the disciples expected.

这是灵溪宗的传统，万年不变的传统！
For ten thousand years, that was the unchanging tradition of the Spirit Stream Sect.

动我弟子者，不惜代价，虽远必诛！
Touch one of our disciples, and y ou w ill die, no m atter how far you run!

任何一个灵溪宗弟子，在外出时，他绝不是一个人，只要灵溪宗在，那么他的身后，宗门，就是永久的后盾。
When a Spirit Stream Sect disciple went outside of the sect, they were never alone they were backed by the entire Spirit Stream Sect. The sect was like a shield, eternally there for their protection.

而这，将化作更强烈的认同感，使得所有弟子，愿意为宗门去付出一切，包括自己的生命，来捍卫宗门，捍卫自己的家园。
Because of that, the disciples were devoted to their sect, and would expend any and all effort, even give up their lives, to defend it, their home.

这，就是灵溪宗 一个万年前，只有不到数十人的微小宗门。
That was the mighty Spirit Stream Sect, which had started out ten thousand years ago as a tiny sect with only a few dozen people in it.

而对于白小纯的生死，甚至掌门都出面，请宗门的一位擅长推演天机的太上长老，亲自施法，展开天机之术，可惜无法找到白小纯存活在世间的痕迹，只能察觉一股死气弥漫，这才确定了白小纯 已经为宗门战死。
In order to determine whether or not Bai Xiaochun was really dead, the Sect Leader asked for help from one of the sect's prime elders, who was adept at divining information from the heavens. Unfortunately, his divination magic did not reveal any hint that Bai Xiaochun was still alive in the world. The only thing he discovered was an aura of death, which seemed to prove that


Bai Xiaochun had died in battle, fighting for the sect.

数日后，清晨，天空阴雨绵绵，一声声带着悲哀的钟鸣，回荡在整个灵溪宗，无数弟子穿着黑色的长袍，默默走出各自的居所，神色哀伤，渐渐汇聚到香云山的半山腰。
On a rainy morning a few days later, the mournful tolling of bells could be heard throughout the Spirit Stream Sect. Countless disciples wearing black robes emerged silently from their residences, expressions grief on their faces as they gathered midway up Fragrant Cloud Peak.

在那里，有一座墓碑，墓碑上有白小纯的画像，画像中他笑的很开心。
There, a gravestone had been erected, with a portrait of Bai Xiaochun on it, smiling happily.

张大胖怔怔的站在人群里，看着汇聚而来的众人，又看着那座墓碑上，写着的白小纯的名字，雨水落在他的身上，打湿了他的衣衫，他哭了，他想起了与白小纯的一幕幕，想起了一起偷吃灵珠，一起大声欢笑，一起去卖外门名额，一起去偷鸡
Big Fatty Zhang stood there in the crowd. He glanced at everyone around him, and then looked at the gravestone, and Bai Xiaochun's name. As the rain fell and soaked his clothing, he wept, recalling all of his memories of the past. He thought about how they had eaten the various pilfered spirit treasures, about how they had laughed and joked together, about how they had sold spots in the Outer Sect, and about stealing chickens

“九胖 ”张大胖神色哀思，心里空落落的，那种伤心的感觉，仿佛整个世界都是阴暗的。
“Ninth Fatty” Big Fatty Zhang murmured, looking very sad. His heart felt empty, and the pain made the entire world seem dark.

火灶房的其他胖子师兄，还有黑三胖也在人群内，一个个难过悲戚，眼泪不止。
The other fatties from the Ovens, Bai Xiaochun’s Elder Brothers, were all filled with grief, and couldn’t stop crying, including Third Fatty Hei.

还有许宝财，陈子昂，赵一多，还有徐长老，周长老，所有从白小纯上山后，认识他的人，都在人群里，神色哀伤。
Xu Baocai, Chen Zi’ang, Zhao Yiduo and Elders Xu and Zhou, as well as everyone else Bai Xiaochun had come to know since joining the sect, all stood i n the crowd, faces filled with grief.

周心琪也来了，她默默的望着墓碑，她听到白小纯的事情后，第一个想到的，就是当年白小纯寻找灵尾鸡的热心。
Zhou Xinqi came and stared silently at the gravestone. After hearing the story of what Bai Xiaochun had done, she couldn’t help but think of how zealously he had searched for the chicken thief.

侯云飞被侯小妹搀扶着，站在人群里，他的拳头死死的握住，他的身体颤抖，神色悲恸。
Hou Yunfei came, proppe d up on the shoulder of Hou Xiaomei. He stood there, fists clenched, shaking in grief.

“白师弟 ”侯云飞惨笑，他回到宗门后，以酒度日，忘记不了白小纯引走强敌时的身影。
“Junior Brother Bai” A bitter smile twisted his face. After returning to the sect, he began spending his days drinking. He just couldn’t forget that moment in which Bai Xiaochun had led all the enemies away, using himself as bait.

四周来人越来越多，很快这香云山的半山腰，已密密麻麻无数弟子，每个人都沉默，望着墓碑。
More and more people showed up, until the middle section of Fragrant Cloud Peak was densely packed with countless disciples, all silently looking at the gravestone.

杜凌菲在前方，面色苍白，雨水落在她的脸上，分不清是雨还是泪，她的神色甚至都有些恍惚，本就美丽的容颜，此刻多出了凄美。
At the front of the crowd was Du Lingfei. Her face was pale, and it was impossible to tell the difference between the tears that streaked down her cheeks, and the rainwater. She seemed to be in a daze, and while her face was as beautiful as it had always been, that beauty was now sad and poignant.

“你明明可以活下去的 我活着，你走了 ”
“You could have stayed alive but here I am, and you’re gone” Du

杜凌菲悲痛凄怆，这段日子，她整个人憔悴了，她每次梦中都会出现白小纯的身影，那铁血的归来，那转身的离去，这一幕幕，让杜凌菲的心如刀割，眼泪更多。
Lingfei’s days had been spent in sorrow and misery recently. She had lost weight, and often dreamed about that moment in which Bai Xiaochun had returned, unshakeable and determined. And then he had left, a scene which left her weeping and wracked with pain.

悲哀的钟鸣，始终传出，久久不散，在这钟鸣的回荡里，有众多长虹从远处缓缓走来，七座山峰的掌座，灵溪宗所有的长老，还有掌门，穿着黑色长袍，都出现在了墓碑下，一个个望着墓碑，神色哀悼。
As the mourning bells tolled, echoing about in all directions, beams of light shot toward the gravestone from all directions. Within them were the seven peak lords, all of the Spirit Stream Sect elders, and even the sect leader. They wore black robes, and as they gathered near the gravestone, their expressions were those of sorrow.

李青候心底苦涩，深深自责。
As for Li Qinghou, bitterness and self-reproach filled his heart.


A moment later, the sect leader began to speak, his voice calm and slow.

“白小纯，灵溪宗香云山外门弟子，药道骄阳，道徒天骄，于落陈家族一战中，击杀众多落陈叛逆，为同门舍身，为宗门取义，他用生命为宗门创下盖世贡献，我灵溪宗所有弟子，当永生永世，铭记此事！”
“Bai Xiaochun was an Outer Sect disciple of Fragrant Cloud Peak in the Spirit Stream Sect. He was a blazing sun in the Dao of medicine, a Chosen among disciples. In his battle against the Luochen Clan, he killed numerous

掌门缓缓开口，声音在这一刻传遍四方。
Luochen traitors, and sacrificed himself to save his fellow disciples. He was loyal to his sect, and gave his life in the most tremendous display of meritorious service. Disciples of the Spirit Stream Sect will remember his name for all eternity!”

他的声音带着悲哀，在传出时，杜凌菲的哭声控制不住，泪水更多，侯云飞，张大胖，无数人在这一刻，都流下了眼泪。
His voice was filled with grief, and as his voice echoed out, Du Lingfei’s tears flowed even harder. Hou Yunfei, Big Fatty Zhang, and countless other people were all weeping.

“今日，特追封白小纯，为我灵溪宗耀荣弟子！”
“On this day, I confer upon Bai Xiaochun the title of the Spirit Stream Sect Prestige disciple!”

掌门声音再次回荡时，四周无数弟子全部心神一震，耀荣弟子这四个字，撼动众人。
In response to the Sect Leader’s words, countless disciples were shaken. To hear the term Prestige disciple left everyone moved.

荣耀弟子，是整个灵溪宗至高无上的荣誉，是一个单独列出的特殊的称号，地位之高，超出内门，与传承序列平级，亡者里，荣耀最高，生者中，传承最强。
That position was a matchless honor within the Spirit Stream Sect, and there could only be one Prestige disciple within the sect within any generation. It was a position higher than the Inner Sect, and on equal standing with the Legacy Echelon. The status of Prestige disciple was given to the dead, whereas the Legacy Echelon was for the most pow erful among the living.

在这之前，万年来灵溪宗一共出现了九个获得荣耀弟子称号之人，每一个都是为宗门立下大功战死后，被追封的，如今，出现了第十个。
Throughout the ten-thousand-year history of the Spirit Stream Sect, there had only ever been nine disciples with such a title, each and every one of whom had been conferred with it after dying in battle for the sect. As of this moment, there were now ten such disciples in the history of the sect.

没有人觉得此事不恰当，这一切，是白小纯以生命换来的。
Not a single person present felt the honor was inappropriate. Bai Xiaochun had earned it with his life.

“白小纯进入宗门后，直至牺牲，都还没有师尊，这用生命为宗门立下大功的孩子，我等决不允许他在阴冥孤独，今日老夫代故去的师尊，灵罗真人，收白小纯为弟子，让其在阴冥，能继续追求大道。”
“From the time he joined the sect until he sacrificed his life,” continued the sect leader, “Bai Xiaochun never had a Master. Having given his life for the sect, I refuse to allow him to wander alone in the underworld. Therefore, I shall represent my dead teacher, Daoist Master Spiritsieve, to accept Bai Xiaochun as his apprentice.


Henceforth, he can continue to pursue the great


Dao in the underworld.”

掌门沉痛的开口时，李青候轻轻点了点头，望着墓碑，他的眼中露出悲伤。
In response to the sect leader’s words, Li Qinghou , pa in flickering in his eyes as he looked at the gravestone.

“所有人 默哀！”
“And now everyone shall observe a moment of silence!”

掌门闭上了眼，向着墓碑缓缓低下头，四周所有弟子，在这一刻全部低头。
With that, the sect leader closed his eyes and bowed his head, as did all of the other disciples present.

数息后，当默哀结束时，杜凌菲已悲痛泣不成声。
After a few breaths of time passed, the moment of silence ended. Du Lingfei couldn’t hold her feelings in any longer, and began to wail.

就在所有人默哀的同时，那片无名山脉的丛林中，白小纯，睫毛一颤，缓缓睁开了眼，打了个喷嚏。
In the same moment that everyone was observing the moment of silence, back in the nameless mountain range, Bai Xiaochun slowly opened his eyes and sneezed.

第六十五章 守陵人
0064 chapter-65

在这个喷嚏打出的瞬间，白小纯也苏醒过来，他的意识还沉浸在昏迷前的重伤状态中，此刻刚一苏醒，就下意识的抱着自己的左臂发出惨叫，可这惨叫刚刚传出就嘎然而止，他诧异的低头看着左臂，又看了看身体，摸摸这里，又碰碰那里，甚至还掀起衣服去看自己白白嫩嫩的小肚子。
The moment of the sneeze was the same moment that Bai Xiaochun woke up. His mind was still in the same state it had been when he was seriously injured and fallen into a coma, so as soon as he woke up, he subconsciously cradled his left arm and let out a miserable cry. However, as soon as that cry left his lips, he looked down in surprise at his arm, and then at the rest of his body . He began to poke and prod himself, and even opened his garments and looked at his soft, white belly.

“咦？
“Eee?

怎么没伤口了？”
No injuries?”

白小纯眼中露出惊恐，他想到了村子里老人说的，人如果死了，魂会进入阴冥地府，如今自己身上没有伤口，分明自己现在只剩下了魂 他哆嗦的抬头看向四周，发现此地一片寂灭，地面草木枯萎，陈恒的尸体也不见了。
Suddenly, his eyes flickered with fear as he recalled something that the old folks back in the village used to say. Supposedly, when someone died, their soul would enter the shadows of the underworld. At the moment, he obviously had no injuries, which meant that he must only be a soul Shivering, he looked around and realized that everything around him was dead. Even all the plants and grass were withered up.


Chen Heng’s corpse was nowhere to be seen.

再看远处时，这四周都是雾气，只能看到不多的区域，远的地方模糊不清。
As he looked around, he also noticed fog everywhere. He couldn’t see much at all, and everything past a certain distance was a complete blur.

阵阵死亡的气息，在这四周弥漫，让人感觉全身冰寒。
A faint aura of death pulsed in the area, causing a cold sensation to wash through his body .

“完了完了 我稳妥了小半辈子，这次把自己小命弄丢了 ”白小纯更为确定了，整个人有些失魂落魄，哭丧着脸，哀嚎一声。
“That’s it. It's over I was so careful for most of my poor little life, only to end up losing it” Bai Xiaochun was now even more certain that he was now a lost soul. His face twisted bitterly, and he let out an anguished moan.

“我还没给杜凌菲以身相许报答的机会 侯师兄还对我许下重诺 还没有人知道我就是龟爷，灵尾鸡我还吃够，我 我还没长生 ”白小纯越想越是悲伤，眼泪都在了眼圈里。
“I never even got to give Du Lingfei a chance to pay me back with all her heart Elder Brother Hou still has his promise to keep People still don’t know that I'm Lord Turtle, and there are still lots of spirit tail chickens to eat in the world. I I haven’t lived forever yet” The more he thought about it, the more it hurt inside. Tears began to well up in his eyes.

可就在他悲痛的哀嚎时，突然 他的身后传来一声咳嗽。
However, even as he began to wail loudly someone cleared their throat behind him.

这咳嗽来的太突兀，吓了白小纯一跳，白小纯身体猛地向前爬去，一个翻滚转身，手中出现了一把木剑。 “谁！”
The sound came so suddenly that it startled Bai Xiaochun. “Who’s there?” he shrieked, scrambling forward across the ground and then spinning around, a woode n sword appearing in his hand.

白小纯尖声开口，看到了在自己之前的位置，有一个穿着黑色长袍的老者，如一个僵尸般站在那里，此刻正森森的望着自己。
He saw an old man standing over by where he had just been laying. He wore a long black robe and looked almost like a corpse as he stared at Bai Xiaochun in a very ghastly manner.

一身死气在他的身上格外的明显，尤其是这老者面色苍白，都是皱纹，如同是从坟墓内爬出，配合着四周的诡异，看起来很是瘆人。
His body radiated a strong aura of death. Coupled with the copious amounts of wrinkles which covered his pale face, he seemed like he had just climbed up out of the grave. He perfectly matched his surroundings, and looked utterly horrifying.

白小纯看清之后，只觉得全身汗毛孔一下子竖起，脑海里浮现出无数的关于鬼怪索命的传说，但很快他想到自己已经死了，于是瞬间就镇定下来，抬起下巴哼了一声，竟从地上站起。
As soon as Bai Xiaochun laid eyes on him, all the hair on his body stood on end, and he suddenly recalled countless scary stories about murderous ghosts. But then he realized that if he himself was dead, then he didn’t have anything to worry about. Sticking his jaw out, he gave a cold harrumph and then slowly rose to his feet.

“行了，你是鬼，我也是鬼，反正我都死了，大家都是鬼，谁怕谁啊。”
“Alright then. You’re a ghost. I’m a ghost. Since we’re both dead and both ghosts, then who’s afraid of who, huh?”

白小纯走到老者面前，绕着黑袍老者转了一圈，滋滋有声。
He walked up to the old man, then circled around him with a low-pitched, qu izzical whistle.

“你是这片无名山脉的鬼魂吧，别紧张，我只是路过时偶然死在这里，一会就走了，唉，不知道变成鬼后，能不能继续修行长生，成为一个长生鬼。”
“You must be a ghost who lives in these nameless mountains. No need to be nervous. I was just passing through and happened to die. I’ll be on my way in a moment.

白小纯说到这里，心里又浮出悲伤，叹了口气。
Ai. I wonder if I can continue to live forever and practice cultivation now that I’ve become a ghost. Maybe I can become a ghost that lives forever.” Suddenly, grief rose up once again in Bai Xiaochun’s heart, and he sighed.

黑袍老者皱起眉头，看着白小纯，沙哑的开口。
The black-robed old man looked at Bai Xiaochun and frowned.

“你这么想死么？”
Then, he spoke in a raspy voice “How come you’re not dead?”

白小纯一愣，他猛然间似想到了什么，连忙狠狠地咬了下舌尖，剧痛传来时，白小纯觉得无法置信，又再次咬了一下，这一次痛的眼泪都流下，他神色狂喜，手舞足蹈，扬天大吼。
Bai Xiaochun started in surprise, then suddenly seemed to think of something. He bit down hard on his tongue, and when the pain coursed through him, he almost couldn’t believe it. He bit down again, this time until tears poured down his cheeks. His expression lit with delight, and he literally began dancing up and dow n.


He even threw his head back and laughed loudly.

“我没死！
“I'm not dead!

哈哈，我白小纯修为盖世，天地无敌，怎么会死！”
Hahaha! I, Bai Xiaochun, have a matchless cultivation base! I am invincible in heaven and earth. How could I possibly die?”

白小纯激动的一把拉住面前老者的手臂，可他的手瞬间就穿透了对方的身体，一把抓空，甚至在碰触老者时，他还感受到了一股浓郁的阴冷。
He was so excited that he reached out to grab the old man’s arm, except that his hand passed right through the man, and grabbed nothing but air. At the same time, his hand suddenly felt extremely cold.

“呃 ”白小纯身子一僵，抬头呆呆的看着面前的老者，双眼瞳孔放大，发出凄厉的惨叫，身体猛地后退。
“Uh” Bai Xiaochun suddenly went stiff all over. He stared blankly at the old man, eyes wide, before screaming and leaping backward.

“鬼啊！”
“A ghost!”

方才他认为自己死了，所以无所谓，可这一次他真的恐惧了，脑海里厉鬼索命的故事，更多的翻滚出来。
Back when he thought he was dead, he didn’t think much of seeing a ghost. But at the moment, he was terrified, as the stories of murderous ghosts once again began to flash through his mind.

直至退到了雾气的边缘，那里有一层看不到的隔膜，使得白小纯无法冲出，他靠着隔膜，颤抖的拿着小木剑，眼睛睁的老大，脑中念头飞速转动，最后可怜兮兮的望着黑袍老者。
Soon, he reached the area where the fog grew thick, where he encountered some sort of invisible barrier that he could not pass through. Backing up to the barrier, he gripped his little woode n sword and stared at the old man, countless thoughts fluttering through his mind. Finally, a miserable expression filled his face.

“老爷爷您要是有什么未了的心愿，我白小纯一定帮你完成 ”
“Sir, do you have some unfinished business in life that I could help you take care of?”

黑袍老者面色有些古怪，仔细的看了看白小纯，觉得眼前此子与他之前看到过的铁血一幕，仿佛不是一个人，渐渐目中露出沉吟。
The black-robed old man had a strange expression on his face as he studied Bai Xiaochun. He couldn’t help but muse that the young man standing in front of him seemed a lot different from the steel-veined fighter from before. They almost seemed like two different people.


Eventually, a thoughtful expression appeared in his eyes.

“或许，也唯有这种性格的人，才最适合去修行不死长生功 ”老者轻声喃喃，心底释然，摇头一笑，转身向着远处漂去。
“Perhaps only people with personalities like this can truly cultivate the Undying Live Forever Technique” he murmured. Feeling much more at ease, he shook his head and smiled. Then he turned and began to float off into the distance.

“不死长生功，分为不死卷与长生卷，其中不死五卷，长生五卷 你修行的，是流传最广的不死第一卷，不死皮。
“The Undying Live Forever Technique is divided into the Undying Codex and the Live Forever Codex. Each Codex has five volumes what you are cultivating is the most commonly circulated first volume of the Undying Codex, the Undying Skin.

如今铁皮大成，铜皮小成！”
You’ve mastered the Iron Skin, and have made headway with the Bronze Skin!”

黑袍老者逐渐走远，可他的声音却飘忽而来，回荡在白小纯的耳边。
As the old man floated off, his voice echoed behind him into Bai Xiaochun’s ears.

“不死卷，突破生命五大桎梏，长生卷，破解永恒五大封印！”
“The Undying Codex breaks through the five shackles of mortality. The Live Forever Codex unravels the five seals of eternity!

“好好修炼吧，若能到不死金皮的程度，你就可以触摸到生命的第一层桎梏所在，能否突破桎梏，就看你的造化了。”
“Work hard at your cultivation. If you can reach the level of Undying Gold Skin, you will make contact with the first shackle of mortality. Whether or not you can break through that shackle will depend on your own good f ortune.

“相见有缘，送你一枚丹药，可让你不死皮略作突破，铜皮大成，送你一枚玉简，其内记录不死 第二卷，不死金刚！
“Since we were brought together by fate, I will give you a medicinal pill. Furthermore, to help you make a breakthrough with your Undying Skin, and achieve mastery of the Bronze Skin, I will give you this jade slip. It contains the second volume of the Undying Codex, the Undying Heavenly

不死长生功吧，此功 超凡！”
King! "If you succeed with the Undying Live Forever Technique, you can form a Core!”

老者已走远，看不清身影，但随着声音的飘摇，有两道长虹瞬间飞来，漂浮在了白小纯的面前。
By this point, the old man was so far away he couldn’t be seen. However, as his voice echoed out, two beams of light shot through the air and came to hover in front of Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯心神一震，呆呆的看着老者离去的背影，这个时候他完全明白，自己之所以没死，之所以伤势恢复，一切都是对方所救。
Bai Xiaochun watched in shock as the old man left. At this point, he realized that the reason he hadn’t died, and had in fact completely recovered, was because the old man had saved him.

而原因 就是自己修行的不死长生功。
And the reason for that was because Bai Xiaochun cultivated the Undying Live Forever Technique.

白小纯虽怕死，可对于恩情看的极重，他知道自己曾经的伤势，几乎是九死一生，此刻身体震动，他深吸口气，向着老者离去的地方重重的跪拜下来。
Although Bai Xiaochun feared death, he took matters of favors and debts seriously. He knew that he had been injured so badly in the fight that he most likely should have died. A tremor ran through him, and, taking a deep breath, he clasped hands and bowed deeply in the direction the old man had disappeared.

“多谢前辈救命传功之恩，还请前辈告知名讳 ”白小纯大声喊道。
“Senior,” he called out, “many thanks for the kindness you showed in saving my life. May I respectfully ask your name?”

“老夫 守陵人。” 老者已融入天地间，他的声音微弱，带着沧桑，带着追忆，仿佛从无数岁月前传来，似有若无。
“I am the gravekeeper,” the old man replied, his voice faint and ancient, almost as if it were floating through countless years of time.

也正是在这个时候，四周的雾气隔膜，发出咔咔之声，瞬间支离破碎，消散开来，使得这被封闭的空间，与外面的世界重新连在了一起，有风吹来，掀起白小纯的长发，白小纯抬头望着远方，沉默很久。
It was in that exact same moment that cracking sounds could be heard from the fog as it suddenly vanished. The area which had been separated from the rest of the world was now unsealed, and returned to its place. The wind blew, lifting Bai Xiaochun’s long hair as he looked off into the distance. After a moment passed, he murmured, “The Undying Live Forever

“不死长生功 生命五大桎梏，永恒五大封印？”
Technique Five shackles of mortality and five seals of eternity?”

他轻声喃喃，这些是他前所未闻之事。
This was his first time hearing of such things.

半晌，白小纯深吸口气，看着漂浮在面前的丹药与玉简，将玉简拿在手中神识一扫，里面记录的正是不死第二卷的内容。
Finally, he took a deep breath and looked over at the medicinal pill and jade slip. He first took the jade slip, scanning it with divine sense. Inside was the second vol ume of the Undying Codex. He put the jade slip away and then looked over at the medicinal pill.

将玉简收起后，白小纯目光落在丹药上，他虽成为了药徒，可却辨认不出这枚丹药的品阶，拿在手中仔细的看了看，他性格谨慎，目中露出思索，明白若那黑袍前辈想要害自己，有太多的办法，所以这枚丹药，对他只有益处，没有害处。
Although he was already a journeyman apothecary, he was unable to determine the pill’s quality. He took it in hand and began to examine it. He was a cautious person by nature, and he knew that if the old man in the black robe had wished to harm him, he could have done so in a variety of ways. As such, the medicinal pill would most likely bring only benefits, and would not harm him.

沉吟中他四下看了看，将这丹药收起，身体一晃向外走去，一路看着四周的丛林，神色很是感慨，回想之前与落陈家族的激战，那种凶险，让他此刻都心有余悸。
Muttering to himself, he looked around, then put the medicinal pill away and began to walk. As he proceeded along, he looked around at the jungle, and sighed emotionally. When he thought about the whole chase and battle with the Luochen Clan cultivators, and the danger that had been involved, he couldn’t shake the feeling of fear that remained in his heart.


“I wonder how Elder Sister Du and Elder Brother Hou are doing Did they make their escape?”

“不知道杜师姐与侯师兄怎么样了 有没有逃出去 ”白小纯沉吟时，没有取出玉简尝试联系，他担心一旦落陈家族没有被灭，那么玉简的波动，或许会引起一些麻烦，此刻一摸储物袋，取出了冯炎的风行舟，略一施展，立刻发现此舟竟可以使用了。
At the moment, he didn’t dare to use his jade slip to try to make contact with the sect. He was worried that the Luochen Clan cultivators might still be around, and would detect the fluctuations of an attempted transmission. That could lead to a big problem. Patting his bag of holding, he produced Feng Yan’s windskiff, and after a quick test, confirmed that it was now functional.

他眼中露出喜色，心底有了猜测，倒也不着急离去，在这片山脉内，找到了一处山洞，在里面休息一番，取出了龟纹锅，将黑袍老者给予的丹药炼灵。
His eyes flashed with joy. Although he had his speculations about the current situation, he wasn’t anxious to leave the area, so he found a mountain cave where he could rest for a bit. There, he produced his turtle-wok, as well as the medicinal pill given to him by the black-robed old man.

很快的，丹药银芒闪动，上面出现了三道灵纹，白小纯拿着丹药，目中露出果断，一口吞下，在吞下的瞬间，他的体内轰鸣，如有一团火蓦然爆发，化作了无法形容的生机元气，向着全身急速扩散。
Soon, silver light flashed on the medicinal pill, and three spirit designs could be seen on its surface. Bai Xiaochun picked up the pill, and his eyes gleamed with determination as he poppe d it into his mouth and swallowed it. Immediately, his body began to thrum, as though a burning fire were giving birth to an indescribable vital energy, which then coursed through him.

他身体颤抖，咬牙坚持，运转不死长生功，拍打自己的身体，渐渐地，他的全身皮肤不再是黑色，而是出现了铜色，这铜色越来越重，到了最后，他几乎成为了一个铜人。
He began to shake, and he gritted his teeth, unleashing the Undying Live Forever Technique. Then, he slapped himself, revealing that his skin was no longer pitch black, but instead, now contained a bit of bronze. That bronze color was reaching the point where he almost looked like a statue made of the stuff.

体内的力量猛地暴增，一股强大的感觉，在他的心底持续的掀起。
The power inside of him grew more and more intense, and he felt stronger than ever.

可这药效没有结束，被白小纯炼灵三次之后，这丹药似达到了一个惊人的品质，在白小纯全身皮肤完全铜色的瞬间，他全身猛地一颤，耳边传来咔咔之声，似有什么东西碎裂。
However, the energy of the medicine had not been exhausted. After performing the threefold spirit enhancement, the medicinal pill had reached an incredible level of quality. Even in the moment in which his skin was completely bronze, cracking sounds rang out from within him, as if something were breaking.

他的皮肤在这一刻，竟出现了裂纹，这裂纹越来越多，密密麻麻覆盖全身时，剧痛更强烈的传来，可在白小纯的忍耐下，慢慢的，那些裂缝内居然有银光出现！
Lines spread out rapidly across the surface of his skin, constantly increasing in number until they covered his entire body . An intense pain wracked him, but he endured, and soon, those lines began to turn silver!

不死皮，分为铁，铜，银，金四个层次！
The Undying Skin was broken up into the levels of Iron, Bronze, Silver, and Gold!

就连那黑袍老者都无法预料到，他给白小纯的这枚丹药，竟在白小纯的炼灵之下，推动自身的不死皮，突破了铜皮之后，居然再次突破。
Even the black-robed old man could never have anticipated that the medicinal pill he gave to Bai Xiaochun would receive a spirit enhancement, and would thus enable him to break through not just into the Bronze Skin level, but past it.

轰轰之声在白小纯的体内回荡，一连持续了数日，他的皮肤碎裂更多，到了最后，如同蜕皮一样，开始脱落，每落下一块，露出的皮肤赫然是银色。
Rumbling sounds echoed out from inside Bai Xiaochun for several days. More and more cracks appeared on his skin, and soon, pieces of skin began to fall off, almost as if he were molting.

直至又过去了十天，当白小纯身上最后一块碎裂的皮肤脱落后，他全身上下，散出银色的光芒，尽管只是淡银色，可他睁开双眼时，就连目中也都有银芒一闪。
Furthermore, every falling piece revealed shining silver beneath it. After ten days, the last bit of skin had fallen off. He was now completely silver, and although it was a dull silver color, when he opened his eyes, they shone with a bright silver glow.

身体一晃，速度之快，直接掀起惊人的破空声，明显比之前，快了至少两倍以上！
He suddenly burst into motion, causing a shocking boom to ring out. He was now at least twice as fast as he had been before!

白小纯目中露出狂喜，他右手握拳，向着一旁山岩轰去，巨响滔天，那岩石瞬间就崩溃，不是成为碎块，而是化作了碎粉！
His eyes shone with joy as his right hand clenched into a fist and slammed into a nearby boulder. The boulder instantly shattered, not into large chunks, but into dust!

这种力量之大，一样是之前的数倍之多。
This level of power exceeded his previous level by several times!

白小纯激动，他深吸口气，这一刻他有信心，若是再与陈恒一战，那么自己绝不会如此惨烈。
Bai Xiaochun was panting excitedly. As of this moment, he was confident that if he fought Chen Heng again, the battle definitely wouldn’t be as bitter.

而在他的尝试之下，更惊人的，是他的防护程度，全身不死银皮，使得那把炼灵三次的木剑，竟都无法伤害他丝毫。
After some more tests, something even more shocking was revealed. His defensive levels with the Undying Silver Skin were such that even his woode n sword with the threefold spirit enhancement was incapable of even scratching it.

白小纯振奋，看着全身在不运转不死长生功后，又恢复了白白净净的样子，重新换了件衣服，向着远处展开全速，得意而去。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone with excitement. After ceasing the operation of the Undying Live Forever Technique, his body returned to its normal pure and fair state. He changed his clothes, then began to speed off into the distance, looking very pleased with himself.

第六十六章 为宗门赴汤蹈火
0065 chapter-66

丛林内，随着不断地前行，白小纯渐渐看到了一些蛛丝马迹，他心底的猜测更为确定，直至出了山脉，数日后，在这种极致的速度下，他回到了落星山脉，发现了成为一片废墟的落陈家族。
After traveling through the jungle for a bit, Bai Xiaochun started noticing clues that told the story of what had occurred. He quickly became convinced that his suppos itions were correct. After emerging from the nameless mountains, he pushed on at top speed for several days until he was back in the Fallenstar Mountains, where he discovered the ruins of the Luochen Clan.

“看来杜凌菲与侯云飞，的确将消息传回了宗门。”
“It seems Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei really did get word back to the sect.”

白小纯回想之前的惨烈，满是唏嘘，许久转身，风行舟出现，他跃起盘膝坐下，操控风行舟。
When he thought back to the bitter events he had lived through, he sighed, then turned and leaped back up onto the windskiff.

呼的一声，此舟化作一道长虹，直奔远方。
Sitting down cross- legged, he set it whooshing off into the distance.

“回宗门啦！”
“Back to the sect!” he declared, eyes shining with anticipation.

白小纯目中露出期待，他琢磨着自己如今应该是给宗门立下了很大的功劳，这次回去，宗门一定会有赏赐。
Then he realized that he most certainly had performed meritorious service for the sect, and would surely be handsomely rewarded when he got back. That got him even more excited.

想到这里，他更为兴奋，低头看了看储物袋，这一路他整理了一下从落陈家族的族人手中拿到的储物袋，里面物品不少，灵石也有一些。
As he traveled along, he turned his attention to his bag of holding. As he sifted through and organized all of the other bags of holding he had collected from the Luochen Clan cultivators, he found quite a few random items inside, as well as spirit stones.

最重要的，是他忘了到底是谁的储物袋内，居然发现了一个拳头大小的种子，如心脏一样砰砰跳动，似有生命蕴含，可却正在挥发，越来越微弱。
In one bag of holding, although he had forgotten who it had originally belonged to, he found the most valuable of all the items. It was a seed, roughly the size of a human fist. It pulsed, almost like a beating heart, as though it contained something alive. However, the beating was growing weaker and weaker.

此物白小纯看了后，以他的草木造诣，也都想了半天，才吃惊的认出这是一枚传说中早已灭绝，极为珍贵的的灵种，其名育兽种！
After a bit of thought, Bai Xiaochun’s skill with plants and vegetation led him to a shocking conclusion. This was a valuable and legendary spirit seed, which had suppos edly become extinct long ago. It was known as a Beastbirth Seed!

传闻此种，吸取灵兽精华后，可以自行孕育出来，对于那些强悍至极，可却难以留下后代的凶兽而言，这育兽种，几乎无价。
According to the legends, if it absorbed another spirit creature’s quintessence, it would be able to naturally reproduce that very same spirit creature. To those powerful beasts which had difficulty reproducing, Beastbirth Seeds like this were virtually priceless.

尤其是那些身边有强悍灵兽的修士，他们希望能获得灵兽的后代，可往往只是单个拥有，而这个时候，育兽种的价值，再次体现。
It was the same for cultivators who had powerful spirit creature pets. Cultivators like that all thirsted to possess successive generations of their powerful spirit creatures. Unfortunately, they were usually limited to a single pet, which meant that Beastbirth Seeds were incredibly valuable to them.

虽不知这种珍贵之物，为何会在追杀自己的落陈某个族人手中，可想来很有可能是各有造化，毕竟落陈家族居住在落星山脉内，而落星山脉 充满了神秘。
It was impossible to say how the enemy Luochen Clan cultivator had come to possess such a valuable item. Presumably, it was some type of good fortune that person had come across. After all, the Luochen Clan had been located in the Fallenstar Mountains, a place of boundless mysteries.

而且他都是辨认好久，那么获得这育兽种的落陈族人，应该并不认识，所以在保存上，也有一些不妥之处。
After some more thought, Bai Xiaochun came to the conclusion that whichever Luochen Clan cultivator discovered the Beastbirth Seed likely didn’t know what it was, which would explain why it hadn’t been maintained properly.

白小纯一路选择了一些有灵气的木头，削成一个木盒，将这育兽种装在里面，育兽种的生命波动才慢慢稳定下来。
Along the way, Bai Xiaochun picked up some wood which was infused with spiritual energy. After carving it into a little box, he carefully placed the Beastbirth Seed into it, where upon the seed’s life force fluctuations gradually stabilized.

将木盒收起，白小纯深吸口气，操控风行舟，在这天际呼啸，顺着来临时的原路，向着灵溪宗越来越近。
Bai Xiaochun put the woode n box away and took a deep breath. Then, he sent the windskiff speeding over the horizon, following the same path they had originally taken, to make his way closer and closer to the Spirit Stream Sect.

时间一晃一个月过去，来的时候，因灵石不多，三人只在夜晚才以风行舟赶路，可现在白小纯口袋鼓鼓，他才不在乎灵石的耗费，所以只用了一个月，就遥遥的看到了灵溪宗南岸的山门。
A month passed by quickly enough. On the original trip, they hadn’t possessed very many spirit stones, and thus had only used the windskiff at night. But now, Bai Xiaochun’s bag of holding was bulging with spirit stones, and he wasn't worried at all about wasting them. Therefore, it only took a month before the Spirit Stream Sect’s south bank gate came into view.

“这次出去，来来回回半年多，终于回来了。”
“It’s been more than half a year since I left. Finally, I'm back.”

白小纯在风行舟上站起，头发飞扬，摆出绝世高手的模样，然后突然想起了什么，觉得这幅神情不恰当，于是赶紧换上与落陈家族血战时那件已残破的外门弟子长袍。
Bai Xiaochun stood atop the windskiff, hair whipping in the wind, looking every bit like a powerful master. However, he suddenly decided that it was the wrong image, and quickly changed back into the dilapidated, blood-stained Outer Sect disciple’s robe that he had worn during his desperate battle with the Luochen Clan.

摆出一副为了宗门视死如归，凄惨无比的样子，长袍上血迹斑斑，可以看出每一个残破口，都是一次生死危机。
Now he looked like someone who had been willing to fight to the death for the sect. Upon his return, the bloods tains on his garments, and the various places where the cloth had been ripped and punctured, would bear clear witness to the dangerous crises he had faced.

他这才觉得满意，操控风行舟前行，在靠近山门，正要穿透而入的刹那，突然的，一道无形的壁障蓦然出现，瞬间就将风行舟弹开。
Feeling very pleased, he sent the windskiff even closer to the sect. However, just when he was about to cross the border, an invisible barrier appeared, sending the windskiff bouncing backward.

“啊？”
“Huh?” he thought.

白小纯身体一晃，差点摔下去。
The force of the rebound almost knocked him off the

与此同时，他前方南岸山门，有一道长虹蓦然飞出，这长虹内是一个青年，神色淡然，走出后平静的看向白小纯。
Windskiff. It was at this point that a beam of light suddenly shot toward him from the main gate. A young man appeared, expression placid as he looked at Bai Xiaochun.

“道友何人，不知来我灵溪宗所为何事。”
“Unknown Fellow Daoist, what brings you to the Spirit Stream Sect?”

这青年刚说到这里，忽然皱起眉头，看了眼风行舟，又看了看白小纯身上的衣着。
Even as the words left his mouth, he looked at the windskiff, and then at Bai Xiaochun’s clothes, and his brow furrowed.

“拿着我灵溪宗的风行舟，穿着外门弟子的衣袍，却被山门大阵阻挡在外！
“You have a Spirit Stream Sect windskiff, and you’re wearing the robes of an Outer Sect disciple? Plus the main gate of the Spirit Stream Sect prevented you from entering?

你是谁！”
Who are you?”

这青年眼中寒芒一起，右手掐诀时，立刻修为散开，竟是凝气八层。
The young man’s eyes glittered coldly as he performed an incantation gesture with his right hand. Instantly, his cultivation base surged with the fluctuations of the eighth level of Qi Condensation. Bai Xiaochun backed up, looking at the shield in confusion.

“这位师兄，这是怎么了，为何不让我进宗门了，我是香云山外门弟子白小纯啊。”
“Elder Brother,” he said, “what’s going on? Why can’t I enter the sect? I'm Outer Sect disciple Bai Xiaochun from Fragrant Cloud Peak!”

白小纯退后几步，看着这一幕，有些搞不清楚状况，连忙开口。


青年皱起眉头，正要说话时忽然一愣。
The young man frowned, and just when he was about to say something, he started in surprise.

“你是白小纯？”
“Hold on, you’re Bai Xiaochun?”

他仔细打量了一下白小纯，越看越觉得眼熟，白小纯的葬礼他去了，看到了墓碑上白小纯的画像，此刻身体猛地一震，尤其是白小纯身上血迹斑斑的衣着，更是让他倒吸口气。
The more he studied Bai Xiaochun, the more familiar he looked. He had attended Bai Xiaochun’s funeral service, in which his portrait had been on display above his gravestone. A tremor ran through the young man, and when he realized that Bai Xiaochun’s garments were stained with blood, h e gasped.

“你 你不是死了么！”
“You’re you’re not dead?”

“我没死啊。”
“I’m not dead at all!”

白小纯怔了一下，那青年立刻神色振奋，一把取出玉简，顿时传信宗门。
Even as Bai Xiaochun stared in surprise, the young man excitedly pulled out a jade slip and sent a message back to the sect.

关于白小纯的消息，传入宗门的瞬间，香云山上，闭关的李青候双眼猛地睁开，他身体一颤，蓦然走出。
As the news about Bai Xiaochun was being sent back, Li Qinghou was in secluded meditation on Fragrant Cloud Peak. Suddenly, his eyes opened, and a tremor ran through him.

与此同时，这消息传入掌门那里，灵溪宗掌门一愣，但很快神识扫过南岸山门，看到了白小纯，他先惊后喜，通告全宗。
At the same time, the news was passed to the sect leader, whose jaw dropped. He immediately sent a stream of divine sense out to the main gate of the south bank, and when he saw Bai Xiaochun, he was first shocked, then delighted. He immediately began to send notifications out into the sect.

宗门内，也就是几个呼吸的时间，顿时传出阵阵不可思议之声，这声音哪怕是在山门外都可以隐隐听到，与此同时，更有钟鸣蓦然回荡。
It only took a few breaths of time for gasps of disbelief to begin to rise up. The collective sound was so loud that it was even faintly audible outside of the main gate. Furthermore, bells began to toll.

“白小纯？
“Bai Xiaochun?

他不是死了么，怎么又活了！”
Didn’t he die? How could he be alive?”


Countless people began to fly out from within the sect.

紧接着，无数身影从宗门内呼啸而出，最前方的赫然是侯云飞，他急速来临，出了山门后一眼看到白小纯，神色露出无法置信，他经历了落陈家族的追杀，尽管一直不愿承认白小纯会死，可实际上在心底，已明白没有哪个弟子，能在那种惨烈的追杀中活下来。
Somewhat surprisingly, the very first in line was Hou Yunfei. When he emerged from the main gate and saw Bai Xiaochun, an expression of disbelief appeared on his face. After the deadly chase they had both participated in, he never wanted to believe that Bai Xiaochun was actually dead. However, deep in his heart, he was sure that no disciple could have been made it out of such a bitter situation.

此刻整个人激动的眼泪流下。
Now, he was so excited he began to cry.

“白师弟！”
“Junior Brother Bai!” he cried.

他大笑，身体瞬间来临，一把抱住白小纯，激动的都说不出话来。
Laughing, he rushed forward and embraced Bai Xiaochun.

“侯师兄 ”白小纯眨了眨眼，此刻也明白过来，知道宗门以为自己死了，此刻看到侯云飞无碍，也颇为高兴。
“Elder Brother Hou” Bai Xiaochun replied, blinking. By this point, he realized that the sect had thought him to be dead. He looked at Hou Yunfei, eyes brimming with happiness.

“走，我们回宗门！”
“Come on, let's get back to the sect!”


Hou Yunfei said excitedly.


He grabbed


Bai Xiaochun and immediately headed back through the main gate.


With Hou

侯云飞激动，拉着白小纯，直奔山门，有他带领，这一次白小纯顺利的进入了山门，他身后那位青年也跟随，看向白小纯时，露出强烈的震撼，他亲自参与了灭绝落陈家族的事情，看到了丛林内的一处处惨烈的战场与落陈家族族人的尸体，对于白小纯居然活着回来，无比震惊。
Yunfei there, Bai Xiaochun could now enter the sect. As for the young man from earlier, he followed along, clearly shaken. He had personally participated in the extermination of the Luochen Clan, and had seen the evidence of the battle fought by Bai Xiaochun, including the mangled corpses of the Luochen Clan cultivators. To see that Bai Xiaochun had returned alive left him deeply astonished.

几乎就在白小纯踏入山门的瞬间，更多的身影从四面八法呼啸而来。
Almost as soon as Bai Xiaochun walked through the front gate, more people began to rush toward him from all directions.

“九胖？”
“Ninth Fatty?”

张大胖，黑三胖，还有杂役处的那些胖子师兄，此刻一个个都激昂颤抖，全部来临，尤其是张大胖，上前狠狠的抱住白小纯，眼泪流下。
Big Fatty Zhang, Third Fatty Hei, and the other Fatty Elder Brothers from the servants district were so happy they were shaking. That was especially true of Big Fatty Zhang, who gave Bai Xiaochun a big bear hug, tears streaming dow n his face.

白小纯心中感动，他望着四周的众人，这一刻，他忽然觉得自己之前所付出的一切，是值得的。
Bai Xiaochun was moved. Seeing how many people were crowding around him, he suddenly felt as if everything he’d don e really had been worth it.

此刻，一道长虹来临，长虹内正是李青候，他无法置信的望着白小纯，他的怀中有一个包裹，里面装着白小纯带血的衣服碎片。
Then, a beam of light flew over, which was Li Qinghou, who had an incredulous look on his face as he looked at Bai Xiaochun. In his hands was a bag, within which were all the bloods tained scraps of clothing he had gathered up when searching for Bai Xiaochun.

他可以说是所有人中，最了解白小纯遇到的危机，是多么的致命。
He more than anyone understood the grave and deadly peril Bai Xiaochun had faced.


Bai Xiaochun hurried forward, clasping hands and bowing to Li Qinghou.

“拜见掌座！”
“Greetings, Peak Lord!”

白小纯赶紧上前，向着李青候一拜。
Li Qinghou was normally a very calm person, but right now he couldn't stop himself from trembling. Reaching out, he placed his hand on Bai Xiaochun’s head and said, “I'm just glad you’re alive,” Li Qinghou said.

“活着就好，活着就好。”
“Just glad you’re alive.” “This is my home!”

李青候平日稳重，这一刻却不知觉的颤抖起来，右手抬起，放在白小纯的头上，目中露出激动。
Bai Xiaochun said, puffing his chest out.

“这里是我的家，弟子愿为宗门赴汤蹈火！”
“I’m willing to go through hell or high water for the sect!”

白小纯昂首挺胸，大声说道，还故意把小袖一甩，露出衣服上一个个血窟窿。
Then he waved his sleeve, deliberately revealing the numerous blood-stained holes in it.

南岸三座山峰，不断有人来临，遥遥的看到白小纯后，都被白小纯身上血迹斑斑的衣服所震撼。
People continued to stream over from all three of the south bank’s mountain peaks. Everyone wanted to see Bai Xiaochun, and when they saw his dilapidated, blood-stained clothing, they were shocked.

尤其是此刻白小纯说出的话语，更是传遍四周，让所有人听到后，都心神一震，看向白小纯时，都觉得这 才是真正的宗门天骄。
That was especially true when people began to spread the words he had just spoken. Everyone was shaken, and when they looked at Bai Xiaochun, in their hearts they felt that he was a true Chosen of the sect.

眼看来人越来越多，一个女子喜极而泣的声音，从远处传来，正是杜凌菲，她这些日子天天以泪洗面，整个人憔悴到了极致，此刻听人说起白小纯回来了，她心神顿时嗡鸣，转身不顾一切的跑来。
As the crowd built, the weeping voice of a young woman could be heard. It was none other than Du Lingfei. She had spent the recent days awash with tears, to the point where she had even lost weight. When she heard people saying that Bai Xiaochun had returned, her mind began to thrum, and she instantly dropped everything and raced over.

此刻看到白小纯的身影，她的泪水更多，上前一把抱住白小纯，又哭又笑，那种不敢去相信这一切都是真实的样子，让白小纯心中温暖。
When she actually laid eyes on Bai Xiaochun, even more tears began to flow. She hurried over and wrapped her arms around him, crying and laughing and the same time. She almost didn't seem to dare to believe that what she was seeing was true. In response, Bai Xiaochun felt a warm sensation in his heart.

他的手下意识的就要向翘起的地方摸去，可一想到四周这么多人，于是生生忍住。
His hands almost began to move in the direction of certain bulging areas of her clothing, but then he remembered that there were lots of people watching, and he held back.

“杜师姐，我说过，只要我白小纯还有一口气在，绝不会让你受到丝毫的伤害。”
“It’s like I said, Elder Sister Du,” he said coolly, lifting his chin, “if I, Bai Xiaochun, have only one breath of air left, I would never let anyone harm you.”

白小纯淡淡开口，抬起下巴，一副傲视天下的模样，说出这一句极为肉麻的话语。
As the sappy words left his mouth, he seemed like he was looking down on the entire world.

偏偏杜凌菲听到这句话后，觉得身子都要软了，双眸内的眼泪深处，藏着深情，浓成蜜。
However, Du Lingfei went a bit limp, and deep within her eyes, the hidden emotions therein turned even sweeter than before.

很快的，就连执法堂的身影也都出现，当首之人正是欧阳桀，他看向白小纯时，也是心惊，目中露出强烈的兴趣，尤其是白小纯身上的衣着以及刚刚对李青候说出的话语，更是让他暗自点头。
People from the Hall of Justice were also there, led by Ouyang Jie. When he saw Bai Xiaochun, he looked shocked for a moment, but then profoundly pleased. That was especially true when he saw Bai Xiaochun’s tattered state, and then heard the words he had just spoken to Li Qinghou, upon which he his head.

“白小纯，老夫执法堂欧阳桀。”
“Bai Xiaochun, I am Ouyang Jie from the Hall of Justice.”

白小纯听到执法堂三个字，顿时内心一颤，可想到自己立下大功，于是继续挺起胸口，向着欧阳桀一抱拳。
When Bai Xiaochun heard the words ‘Hall of Justice’, his heart thumped, but then he thought back to the incredible service he had performed. Chest puffed out just like before, he clasped hands respectfully to Ouyang Jie.

“有关落陈家族之事，你随老夫一起去见过掌门。”
Ouyang Jie rarely smiled, bu t he was smiling now as he said, “Why don’t you come back with me to see the sect leader and talk about what happened with the Luochen Clan?”

欧阳桀脸上少见的露出一丝笑容，右手抬起向着白小纯一指，立刻白小纯的脚下出现了一片灵雾，带着他的身体，随着欧阳桀前行远去。
He waved his finger in Bai Xiaochun’s direction, causing a spirit fog to appear beneath his feet, which sent him flying off into the distance with Ouyang Jie.

李青候目中露出欣慰，也化作长虹一同前往。
Li Qinghou looked profoundly glad as he transformed into a beam of light that also shot away with them.

至于其他弟子，此刻眼看白小纯离去，大都在阵阵惊叹与议论中慢慢散了，不过有关白小纯没死的消息，却是以更快的速度传开。
As for all the other disciples, they watched Bai Xiaochun leave, and most heaved surprised sighs, and began to discuss the matter amongst themselves as they dispersed. Of course, the news about Bai Xiaochun being alive spread rapidly.

到了最后，整个灵溪宗几乎都知道了此事，有人欢喜有人忧，钱大金在自己的洞府内，颤抖起来，神色内露出恐惧。
Eventually, virtually everyone in the Spirit Stream Sect came to know of the matter. Most people were very happy, but back in his immortal’s cave, Qian Dajin was shaking, and a look of terror could be seen on his face.

“该死的，他怎么没死！
“Dammit, I can't believe he's not dead!

那么危险惨烈的追杀，怎么可能不死！”
How could he have escaped from such deadly pursuit?

“他应该不知道是我安排他去的这次任务 对，他应该是不知道 ”钱大金面色阴晴不定，到了最后长叹一声，患得患失。
“He probably doesn’t know that I’m the one who arranged for him to go on that mission though Right? There’s no way he could know” Various expressions flashed across Qian Dajin’s face.

第六十七章 师兄，咱师傅呢？
Finally, he sighed, thinking about all the possible bad things that could happen. 0066 chapter-67

灵溪宗有八座山峰，北岸四座，南岸三座，正中间的 则是种道山，是灵溪宗外在力量的核心所在。
The Spirit Stream Sect had eight mountain peaks. Four were on the north bank, three were on the south bank, and one was in the middle That was Mount Daoseed, which was the public seat of the sect’s power.

平日里，灵溪宗掌门郑远东，就是在此地处理宗门一切事情。
Normally, Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong would handle sect affairs from that very location.

此刻，随着钟鸣的回荡，南北两岸各山之主，都挪身来临，端坐在大殿中，掌门也在其内，坐在正中间的位置上。
Currently, bells were tolling as the Lords of the various mountain peaks of the north and south bank sat tall and straight in the main temple hall. The sect leader was also there, sitting in the center position.

不多时，李青候与欧阳桀带着白小纯来到了大殿外，让白小纯在殿外等待，他们二人踏入殿中。
Soon, Li Qinghou and Ouyang Jie arrived with Bai Xiaochun. They left Bai Xiaochun outside of the temple hall, telling him to wait there as they went in.

大殿外，还有四个弟子，这四人守护在两旁，一个个都好奇的看向白小纯。
There were four disciples stationed as guards outside the temple, who cast curious glances Bai Xiaochun’s way. Bai Xiaochun smiled back at them.

白小纯向着四人笑了笑，此地他是首次到来，环看四周，灵气浓郁，草木花香，如同仙境，且没有杂吵之音，很是僻静，远非香云山可比。
This was his first time coming to this place, the spiritual energy was abundant, and the fragrant aroma of plants and flowers filled the air. There were no extraneous sounds in the air, everything was calm and quiet, much different than Fragrant Cloud Peak.

这里是宗门重地，平日里其他弟子到来，每一个都是小心翼翼，可白小纯却仿佛没有任何压力，站在那里神色如常。
This was a very important place in the sect, and normally, any disciple who came here would act very cautious and discreet. However, Bai Xiaochun didn't seem to feel any pressure at all, and stood there looking very much at ease.

这一幕，让四周那四个弟子都感慨，暗道不愧是为宗门立下如此大功的人物，单单这份从容的气势，就不是寻常人拥有的。
The four disciples couldn’t help but sigh at this, and muse that Bai Xiaochun really did deserve to be known as a big shot in the sect, someone who had performed an incredible service. After all, ordinary people could never act so casually in a place like this.

实际上白小纯虽怕死，可他想到自己立下功劳，想到在这里自己绝对不可能死，自然就没有任何畏惧，昂首挺胸，满脑子都在期待，自己能得到什么样的奖励。
The truth was that although Bai Xiaochun feared death, after considering the meritorious service he had performed, he knew that he wouldn’t be dying here. Therefore, it was only natural that he wouldn't be afraid. He stuck out his chest, heart filled with anticipation over what his reward might be.

“以我的功劳，怎么也得给我一颗增加百年寿元的丹药吧，再给我一百万贡献点，再给我一座最好的洞府，内门弟子的身份也少不了，哈哈。”
“Considering the level of service I provided for the sect, they’ll have to give me a medicinal pill to increase my longevity by a hundred years. They’ll most likely give me 1,000,000 merit points too, and probably an incredible immortal’s cave. I'm sure to be promoted to the Inner Sect as well. Hahaha.”

白小纯越想越是兴奋，可等了半天，也不见大殿内传唤他。
The more he thought about it, the more excited he got. After a long moment passed, however, no word came calling him into the temple.

白小纯有些诧异，然后又等了好久，直至哈气连天时，才听到大殿内有无奈的声音传出。
Bai Xiaochun was a bit taken aback. He continued to wait until he was yawning before, finally, a voice spoke in a somewhat begrudging tone.

“白小纯，你进来。”
“Bai Xiaochun, come in.”

白小纯精神一振，深吸口气，努力摆出可以为宗门赴汤蹈火的模样，迈着大步，走入大殿内，刚一进入大殿，他就抱拳一拜。
His spirits instantly lifted. Taking a deep breath, he tried to look like the picture of a disciple who would go through hell or high water for his sect. Striding into the main temple, he clasped hands and bow ed.

“香云山弟子白小纯，拜见掌门，拜见诸位前辈。”
“Disciple Bai Xiaochun from Fragrant Cloud Peak, at your service. Greetings, Sect Leader. Greetings, other Senior members of the sect.”

一拜之后，白小纯抬起头，看到了正中间的一个老者，这老者不怒自威，穿着一身白袍，一身修为深不可测。
After offering formal greetings, Bai Xiaochun looked up. He immediately caught sight of an old man sitting in the middle of the group. He looked threatening without being angry, and wore a long white robe. His cultivation base was completely unreadable.

在他的四周，环坐八人，六男二女，李青候与欧阳桀就在其内，此刻这些人都目中带着对白小纯能活着回来的惊讶，打量起来。
He was surrounded by eight others, a group of six men and two women. Li Qinghou and Ouyang Jie were among them, and all of them seemed to be measuring up this Bai Xiaochun who had somehow returned alive.

对于白小纯身上的那件衣服，他们多看了几眼，以他们的目力，自然看出这些残缺口不是刻意撕开，而是真正的经历了惨战后留下。
Their eyes lingered on his garments. Considering the power of their eyesight, it was instantly obvious to them that Bai Xiaochun’s clothing had not been intentionally torn, but that he had truly experienced a deadly battle.

尤其是白小纯的模样白白净净，一看就很是乖巧听话，此刻又不亢不卑，神色从容。
They also noticed how pure and fair he seemed. He spoke courteously, and was neither haughty nor overly humble. From the expression on his face, he seemed completely at ease.

这一幕，让众人虽神色如常，可心中却对白小纯的印象，更好了，只是心底多少还是有些古怪。
Although none of them reacted at all to what they were seeing, inwardly, their impressions of Bai Xiaochun improved even more. However, a few were still somewhat suspicious of exactly what had occurred.

“白小纯，你详细的说一下此番去落陈家族的任务始末。” 李青候看着白小纯，温和开口。
Li Qinghou looked at Bai Xiaochun and then slowly said, “Bai Xiaochun, please explain in detail everything involved with the mission to the Luochen Clan, from start to finish.”

白小纯神色肃然，平静的将这一路上所有的事情，从头到尾的说了一遍，没提黑袍老者，这是他自己的秘密。
Looking very serious, Bai Xiaochun calmly recounted everything that had occurred, from beginning to end. He left out the incident with the black-robed old man, that was his secret to keep.

除此之外，他还提了冯炎的牺牲，还有这一路上的艰难，他本就聪明，此刻一点没说自己的功劳，反倒是一个劲的说冯炎、杜凌菲与侯云飞的好。
He wove Feng Yan sacrificing himself into the story, as well as the various difficulties they had faced. He was an intelligent person, so he didn’t mention anything at all of what he had done that was worthy of merit, but instead continued to praise Feng Yan, Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei.

“都怪我没用，冯师兄为了救我而死，都怪我啊 ”
“It’s all my fault for being useless,” he said. “Elder Brother Feng died trying to save me. It’s all my fault”

他越是如此，掌门等人目中的赞赏，就越多，只不过这些人修行多年，心思如妖，从白小纯进来穿着那件衣服，就一个个隐隐看出了白小纯的性格，虽然如此，可终究还是欣赏。
The more he went on in this way, the more the sect leader and the others’ eyes shone with approval. Of course, these people had practiced cultivation for many years, and were as crafty as devils. From the moment Bai Xiaochun came back wearing that one particular set of clothing, they could tell what type of person he was. Even so, their praise only continued to grow.

“昏迷后，醒了就痊愈？”
“After he lost consciousness, he just woke up all healed?” the sect leader thought, smiling.

掌门笑了笑，对于白小纯的解释，没有去在意，毕竟每个弟子都有一些自己的秘密，宗门要求的是归属感，不需要那种完全的掌控，不然的话，必定离心离德。
He didn’t mind this version of Bai Xiaochun’s explanation. After all, disciples always had secrets to maintain. It was best for them to feel like they belonged in the sect, and exercising absolute control of every aspect of their lives would only serve to have the oppos ite effect.

“白小纯，你的奖励几个月前就发下去了，从几个月前，你就是我灵溪宗 荣耀弟子！”
After the story was finished, the sect leader said, “Bai Xiaochun, your reward was already announced several months ago. Back then, you became the Spirit Stream Sect's Prestige disciple!”

掌门说出荣耀弟子这四个字时，心底泛起阵阵古怪，这还是他第一次看到活的荣耀弟子。
When the Sect Leader actually spoke the words ‘Prestige disciple’, a strange feeling rose up in his heart. After all, this was the first time there had ever been a living Prestige disciple.

他们之前在大殿内也讨论过，彼此都非常为难，因为荣耀弟子的身份，太重要了，在这之前，给的都是战死之人，还从来没过活人，可如今白小纯居然活蹦乱跳的出现在自己面前
That was one of the reasons why the discussion had been so difficult earlier. The position of Prestige disciple was extremely important, and had previously only been conferred upon people who had died in battle, never living disciples. And yet, here Bai Xiaochun was right in front of them, healthy and no worse for wear

这让他们在刚刚知道这个消息时，一个个都愣了一下。
That was one reason why all of them had been so shocked to hear the news that he was alive.

而且这个身份还不好收回来，葬礼都办了，功劳也有了，这让他们所有人，都发愁，所以之前才让白小纯在外面等了半天。
Furthermore, it was a status that could not just be stripped away. The funeral service had been carried out, and the meritorious service performed. The group had been somewhat perplexed about what to do, and thus had left Bai Xiaochun waiting outside for some time.

商议之后，还是没有办法改变，按照门规，只能继续给白小纯这个身份。
After much discussion, they decided that there was no way to change what had already been announced. In accordance with the sect rules, they would allow Bai Xiaochun to keep that position.

“荣耀弟子？”
“Prestige disciple?”

白小纯一愣，他从来没听过这个称呼，站在那里等了半天，眼巴巴的看着掌门等人，发现这大殿内的前辈们，一个个都面色古怪，可却没有继续说出别的奖励后，白小纯忍不住了。
Bai Xiaochun asked, looking shocked. He had never heard of any such title before, so he simply stood there, looking blankly at the sect leader and the other Senior sect members. Although all of them had strange expressions on their faces, they didn't say anything else regarding a reward.

“那个 没了？” 白小纯问道。
Bai Xiaochun couldn’t hold back from asking, “Uh that’s it?”

“没了。” 掌门挤出一副笑脸。
“That’s it,” replied the Sect Leader, smiling.

白小纯立刻急了，正要开口去讲讲道理，说说自己一路多么的辛苦，多么的九死一生时，李青候干咳一声，他最了解白小纯的性子。
Bai Xiaochun instantly started to get nervous, and then prepared to start explaining how difficult the journey had been, how many times he had almost died. Before he could start, Li Qinghou, who knew Bai Xiaochun better than anyone, cleared his throat and said, “Hurry up and thank the sect leader.

“还不快感谢掌门，荣耀弟子这个称号，至今为止，灵溪宗一共就出过十个，你是这千年内的第一个，也是如今唯一的一个。
The title of Prestige disciple has only been given out ten times throughout the history of the Spirit Stream Sect. You are the only person to get it within the past thousand years.

身为荣耀弟子，凌驾于内门之上，是灵溪宗至高荣耀，其血脉后人可享用整个宗门的资源，出生就是内门，并且灵溪宗会庇护血脉家族永久！
“As the Prestige disciple, you rank higher than the Inner Sect, and have the most prestigious glory in the entire Spirit Stream Sect. Your descendants will all have special access to sect resources, and will be Inner Sect disciples from birth. The Spirit Stream Sect will protect your bloodline for all eternity!

我灵溪宗内有九大家族，都是荣耀家族，这是开创一个辉煌的耀荣身份。”
“Currently, there are nine great clans who are part of the Spirit Stream Sect, and all of them are Prestige clans. It’s a truly glorious and honorable position.”

李青候解释道。 白小纯听到这个解释，愁眉苦脸，整个人的气势一下子没了，可怜兮兮的看着李青候，又看了看掌门。
When Bai Xiaochun heard the explanation, a somewhat sad expression appeared on his face. His spirits suddenly sank, and he looked miserably at Li Qinghou, then back at the sect leader.

他不知道自己该说些什么了，这个荣耀弟子的身份，他算是明白了，看似很不错，可实际上是给死人准备的，其赏赐完全是留给后人，可他还活着啊 此刻白小纯悲痛的发现，自己居然沦落为当爹的去嫉妒儿女的程度上了。
He wasn’t sure what to say. Although the position of Prestige disciple seemed incredible, the truth was that it had been created for the descendants of people who had died. But he was still alive Sadly, Bai Xiaochun was now in the unfortunate position of being jealous of his own progeny.

“谢 掌门 ”白小纯哭丧着脸，有气无力的开口。
“Thanks Sect leader” he said sadly, lacking the energy to even speak. Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong cleared his throat awkwardly.

“从今天开始，你可以称呼老夫为掌门师兄。”
“From this day on, you may address me as Elder Brother sect leader.”

掌门郑远东干咳一声，心里要多别扭有多别有，他之前提出拜师，是因为白小纯已牺牲，可如今对方活着回来，他一想自己这么大年纪了，与一个不到二十岁的小子称兄道弟，心底连连叹息。
The matter of having Bai Xiaochun become the apprentice of his own master had been made because he assumed Bai Xiaochun had sacrificed his life. But now that he was alive, it led to a very awkward situation. The sect leader, despite having many years of life under his belt, would now have a twenty- year-old kid calling him Elder Brother. He couldn’t help but sigh inwardly.

“啊？”
“Really?”

白小纯睁大了眼，他此刻心情起伏太大，进入大殿时满怀期望，而后现实太残酷，心情一下子跌落谷底，可紧接着，又出现了这种变化。
Bai Xiaochun asked, his eyes widening. All of a sudden, he felt much, much better. He had entered the temple hall with high expectations, only to have them cruelly crushed. That led to him being in a horrible mood.

“鉴于你的功劳，再加上你还没有师尊，所以老夫做主，让你拜老夫的师尊为师，所以从此之后，我就是你的师兄了。”
But now, things had changed. “Based on the meritorious service you performed, and considering that you had no formal Master, I took the responsibility to accept you as an apprentice of my own Master. Therefore, from now on you can call me Elder Brother.”

掌门心里更别扭了。
The Sect Leader couldn’t feel more awkward.

白小纯深吸口气，目中刹那露出激动，他觉得宗门对自己太好了，一想到掌门的师尊，那必定是宗门内的太上长老一个级别的，他立刻就兴奋，双眼冒光。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, and his eyes filled with excitement. He suddenly was filled with the sensation that the sect truly had treated him well. The sect leader’s Master would most definitely be ranked as a prime elder in the sect, which caused Bai Xiaochun’s eyes to radiate with excitement.

“这从此之后，谁敢欺负我啊，我师父老厉害了，哈哈！”
“From now on,” he thought, “nobody will dare to bully me, not with an awesome Master like that! Hahaha!”

白小纯心中狂喜，连忙抱拳深深一拜。
Heart leaping with joy, he clasped hands and bow ed deeply.

“多谢掌门师兄，师兄，咱们师父呢，我这就去给他老人家请安。”
“Many thanks, Elder Brother sect leader,” he said, sounding elated. “Elder Brother sect leader, where exactly is our Master?

白小纯带着期待，美滋滋的说道。
I would love to go pay my respects.” A strange expression could be seen on the sect leader’s face as he slowly said, “There’s no hurry in that.

“不急，他老人家坐化前的画像供在后山，我已安排人去准备，稍后会带你过去。”
There was a portrait made of him before he passed away in meditation, which was enshrined on the back side of the mountain. I've already made arrangements for some people to escort you over there shortly.”

掌门神色古怪，缓缓开口。
Bai Xiaochun felt as if he were being struck by lightning.

“坐化 供在后山 ”白小纯整个人如被天雷轰击，呆在那里，满脑子都是这六个字，半晌之后他才反应过来 自己拜的这个师父，已经 故去了。
“Passed away in meditation Enshrined on the back side of the mountain” His jaw dropped as the words he had just spoken echoed in his mind. After a long moment, he pulled himself together The Master he had become apprenticed to h ad already passed away.

“我 ”白小纯只觉得七窍生烟，脑海嗡鸣更多，他的心再次跌落谷底，欲哭无泪，他甚至都没注意自己是怎么离开的，一路失魂落魄的跟着掌门去了后山，拜了一张画像为师后，茫然的出了种道山，回到了香云山。
“I” Bai Xiaochun was now starting to seethe with anger, and his mind was buzzing. Once again his heart sank, and he wanted to cry, although no tears would come. It was in a virtual daze that he allowed himself to be led to the rear of the mountain, where he paid formal respects to the portrait of his Master.

在香云山上，不少看到他的弟子，一个个都连忙拜见，目中露出好奇，甚至还有人好心的带着茫然的白小纯去看了眼他的墓碑。
Afterward, he left Mount Daoseed and returned to Fragrant Cloud Peak. On Fragrant Cloud Peak, numerous disciples hurried over to offer greetings. Curious expressions could be seen in their eyes, and someone even kindly took him over to look at his own gravestone.

望着墓碑，白小纯觉得天都黑了。
When Bai Xiaochun saw the gravestone, everything seemed to go black.

“我 我拜了一张画像为师 ”白小纯不知自己怎么回到的院子里，呆呆的坐在木屋前，悲愤起来。
Eventually, he found himself back in his courtyard, sitting blankly in his log cabin, rage building up within him. “I I became the apprentice of a painting”

一连数日，他这里都愁眉苦脸，直至半个月后，他才从这打击中恢复过来。
Several days later, he was still there, looking miserable. Half a month passed before he managed to collect himself.

哀伤叹气的走出屋舍，准备去找张大胖叙叙旧，可刚刚走出，迎面遇到的外门弟子，在看他后，立刻抱拳深深一拜。
Sighing miserably, he left his residence to look for Big Fatty Zhang, to reminisce about the past. However, as soon as he walked out, he ran into an Outer Sect disciple who instantly clasped hands and bow ed deeply.

“拜见白师叔。”
“Greetings, Sect Uncle Bai.”

白小纯走出几步忽然一顿，转头双眼冒光，一把拉着那位外门弟子。
Bai Xiaochun took a few more steps, then stopped and turned around, eyes shining as he grabbed the Outer Sect disciple and pulled him forward.

“你叫我什么？”
“What did you just call me?”

“白师叔啊，您是掌门师弟，弟子 弟子自然要称呼您为白师叔啊。”
“Sect Uncle Bai!” the Outer Sect disciple instantly replied. “Sir, you’re the Junior Brother of the sect leader. D-disciple would naturally call you Sect

那外门弟子一愣，赶紧说道。
Uncle Bai!”

白小纯松开了手，双眼光芒越来越亮，心脏砰砰跳动，他发现自己这个身份，并不是一无是处，辈分大的吓人
Bai Xiaochun’s fists loosened, and his eyes began to shine even more brightly. His heart also started pounding. This new status of his wasn’t all that bad after all. He had a terrifying level of seniority

他舔了舔嘴唇，忽然大笑起来，笑声回荡，吓的那位外门弟子赶紧后退，不知道白小纯发了什么疯。
Licking his lips, he began to laugh, which frightened the Outer Sect disciple so much that he started to edge backward, unsure of what madness had struck Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯赶紧收起笑声，干咳一下，摆出前辈的模样，向着对方微微点头，不再去找张大胖，而是满怀期待的去了任务处。
Bai Xiaochun suddenly stopped laughing. Clearing his throat, he put on the air of a Senior sect member and slightly at the Outer Sect disciple. Instead of going to look for Big Fatty Zhang, it was with keen anticipation that he headed toward the Missions Office.

因为 那里人多。
Because that was where the most people would be.

与此同时，香云山顶，李青候归来后，立刻闭关，他盘膝坐在闭关之处，沉思良久，大袖一甩，神色凝重，开始炼丹。
Meanwhile, Li Qinghou had returned to Fragrant Cloud Peak, and was in secluded meditation. After seating himself cross-legged, he thought for a bit, and then waved his sleeve. Expression serious, he began to concoct pills.


“Xiaochun is stubborn and mischievous.

“小纯这孩子性格顽劣，需要帮他准备一件保命法宝，可惜我不擅长炼器，只能开一炉九绝丹，去与丹溪宗交换 这种给凝气弟子准备的法宝，一看就是为子侄之辈，丹溪宗定会大开口。”
I need to prepare a life-saving magical item for him. Unfortunately, I'm not very good at equipment forging, but I can make a batch of Nine Ultimates Pills to trade with the Pill Stream Sect When they find out I'm preparing a magical item for a Qi Condensation disciple, and a younger relative at that, they’ll definitely rip me off.”

李青候摇头，没有去在意这一点，哪怕九绝丹对他而言，也需付出很大心血才可炼出，可一想到白小纯这一次的九死一生，他便定气凝神，准备开炉。
Li Qinghou shook his head, but didn’t mind. In order to concoct Nine Ultimates Pills, he would have to use some of his own heart-blood, but when the thought about how close Bai Xiaochun had come to dying, he settled his qi, cleared his mind, and began preparations to start concocting.

第六十八章 师侄们，别跑！
0067 chapter-68

白小纯是一个非常善于从任何事中发现乐趣的人 此刻他就发现了自己身为掌门师弟的乐趣，于是兴高采烈，大摇大摆的走在宗门的山路上，遥遥的，他看到了任务处。
Bai Xiaochun was the type of person who liked to find the fun in anything Now that he had discovered the joy in being the Junior Brother of the sect leader, he couldn't be more happy. He strutted along the mountain paths of the sect until he saw the Missions Office off in the distance.

干咳一声，白小纯整理了一下衣衫，摆出一副前辈的模样，抬起小下巴，背着手慢慢靠近。
Clearing his throat, he straightened his garments and assumed the air of a Senior member of the sect. Sticking his chin up, he clasped his hands behind his back and sauntered forward.

任务处，人山人海，作为香云山最热闹的几处地点，这里每天都有大量的外门弟子进进出出，远远就可以听到鼎沸的人声。
The Missions Office was one of the busiest places in the sect, and today it was as packed as usual. The clamor of Outer Sect disciples coming and going could be heard from quite a distance away.

很快的，白小纯来到了任务处，他站在那里，脸上露出自认为是慈祥的笑容，看向那些外门弟子。
When Bai Xiaochun arrived, he stood there with a benevolent smile on his face, looking around at all the Outer Sect disciples.

几乎他刚刚出现，立刻就有人察觉，尤其是他前方的那群外门弟子，原本正在讨论接下的任务，余光扫到白小纯后，都愣了一下。
Almost as soon as he appeared, people noticed, and the disciples nearest to him, who were in the middle of discussing various mission-related topics, suddenly gaped.

“是白 师叔，见过白师叔。” “拜见白师叔！”
“That’s that’s Sect Uncle Bai! Greetings, Sect Uncle Bai!”

他们连忙向着白小纯抱拳，话语传出时，更多的人看到了白小纯，于是很快的，此地几乎所有外门弟子，都陆续去拜见白小纯。
Clasping hands in his direction, they called out, “Greetings, Sect Uncle Bai!” After hearing them, more people looked over, and soon, virtually all of the Outer Sect disciples in the area were clasping hands in greeting.

“大家辛苦了。” 那一句句白师叔的声音，听的白小纯心花怒放，于是含笑向着众人打招呼，背着小手，向前走去。
Bursting with joy at hearing everyone call him Sect Uncle Bai, he strode forward, smiling, hands clasped behind his back as he said, “Keep up the good w ork, everyone.”

而四周那些外门弟子，一个个在看向白小纯时，都露出羡慕，彼此低声议论。
The surrounding disciples looked at him enviously and began to murmur among themselves.

“白师叔，那是掌门的师弟啊 ”
“Wow, Sect Uncle Bai is the sect leader’s Junior Brother”

尤其是任务处的几个执事，在看到白小纯后也都连忙起身，齐齐拜见，使得整个任务处都不再运转，这一幕幕，让白小纯更激动了。
There were a few honor guards stationed at the Missions Office, and when they saw Bai Xiaochun walking up, they hastily rose to their feet and clasped hands in greeting. Virtually the entire Missions Office lurched to a halt as everyone turned to look. Bai Xiaochun was only getting more exciting.

“你们继续，不用管我，我今日代掌门师兄来看一看我灵溪宗外门弟子。”
“Carry on, everyone,” he said. “There’s no need to worry about me. I’m just here on behalf of Elder Brother sect leader to inspect the Outer Sect disciples of the Spirit Stream Sect.”

白小纯心底都快笑开花了，他这么一开口，四周的弟子再次拜见一番，就连任务处内的长老，也都出门向白小纯点了点头。
Happiness blossomed in the depths of his heart. In response to his words, the surrounding disciples once again clasped hands, and even the elders from the Missions Office came out and pol itely to him.

可偏偏 白小纯虽然让大家不要理他，而他这里却没有离开，而是走在人群内，见谁都含笑点头，所过之处，白师叔这三个字，不断的从各个外门弟子那里传出，有的弟子，甚至都说了十多遍
However although Bai Xiaochun had clearly told them not to pay him any heed, he didn't leave. He strolled through the crowd, nodding to those he recognized and reveling in their calls of ‘Sect Uncle Bai.’ Some of the disciples even said it ten times

渐渐的，大家的神色有些古怪起来，看出这白小纯来到这里，就是想要听人喊他白师叔 白小纯见好就收，向着众人挥手，大摇大摆的离开，任务处这才重新恢复运转。
Soon, strange looks appeared on their faces as they realized that apparently, Bai Xiaochun had actually come to hear them call him Sect Uncle Bai In the end, he decided not to push things too far. Waving at everyone, he swaggered away, and soon the Missions Office returned to its normal state of affairs.

“这身份厉害啊。”
“What an awesome status,” he thought, his eyes shining.

白小纯眼睛冒光，这一上午，他觉得自己身心愉悦，更重要的是，他在这身份上，发现了与众不同之处。
Not only did he feel incredibly happy, most importantly, he could tell that his status was vastly removed from everyone else.

“荣耀弟子，掌门师弟，这个身份，岂不是说从此在宗门内，没人敢招惹我了？”
“Prestige disciple. Junior Brother of the sect leader. Might as well just say that nobody in the sect will ever dare to provok e me, right?”

白小纯想到这里，哈哈大笑，赶紧向着万药阁跑去。
Having reached this point in his train of thoughts, Bai Xiaochun laughed heartily and hurried off in the direction of the 10,000 M edicines Pavilion.

万药阁 一样人多。
The 10,000 M edicines Pavilion was also packed.

不多时，白小纯到了万药阁，望着那十座石碑，耳边听着一声声白师叔的称呼，白小纯很是唏嘘，在那里磨蹭了半天，于众人渐渐古怪的神色下，他才恋恋不舍的离开，尽管是黄昏，可他却不知疲惫，去了大量外门弟子居住的地方。
It didn’t take long for him to get there, and when he did, he looked up at the ten stone steles and listened to everyone call him Sect Uncle Bai. He stood there for quite a while, sighing, until strange expressions began to appear on the faces of the disciples. Reluctantly, he left. By that time, evening was falling, but he didn't feel tired at all, and went over to one of the locations where a lot of Outer Sect disciples resided.

许宝财刚刚出门，迎面就看到了白小纯，赶紧抱拳拜见。
Xu Baocai had just stepped out, and when he saw Bai Xiaochun, he immediately clasped hands.


Bai Xiaochun thumped Xu Baocai on the shoulder and then spoke in a wise, reprimanding tone.

“原来是小宝啊，我半年前离开时你的修为与现在没有什么变化，不可如此，要勤加修行。”
“Ah, it’s you, Little Treasure! After all the time I’ve been gone, you haven’t made much progress with your cultivation base! We can’t have that! You need to work hard at your cultivation!”

白小纯拍了拍许宝财的肩膀，老气横秋的开口。
Xu Baocai’s jaw dropped, and he blinked.

许宝财愣了一下，眨了眨眼，听到小宝这个称呼，他心底一颤，他这么大，就他爹这么叫自己，外人没这么叫的，此刻心里那个别扭啊，可又不敢反抗，只能点头称是。
His heart trembled a bit after hearing Bai Xiaochun call him ‘Little Treasure’. At this age, only his father would call him something like that, and even then, only in private. Despite feeling a bit odd, h e didn't dare to say anything, and merely in assent.

“我 恩，本座！” 白小纯忽然发现，以自己的身份，不可在用“我”这个字了，于是想着李青候平时的称呼，改成了“本座”
“I um, I mean, as an important person like myself” Bai Xiaochun suddenly realized that with a position like his, it would be improper to simply refer to himself as “I”, and so he decided to try to make himself sound like an important person, like Li Qinghou.

“本座对此地不熟，小宝，你带本座在这里熟悉一下。” 白小纯干咳一声，背着小手，抬起下巴。
He cleared his throat. Clasping his hands behind his back, he stuck his jaw out and said, “As an important person like myself, I'm not very familiar with this area. Could you show me around a bit?”

许宝财无奈，连忙带着白小纯在这里转悠。
Xu Baocai had no choice but to immediately begin to show Bai Xiaochun around.

随着一个个外门弟子回来，他们一个个诧异的发现，居然又看到了白小纯，甚至这里面有不少都是白天时在任务处以及万药阁，都碰到过白小纯的，此刻一个个面面相觑，不得不再次拜见。
More and more disciples were returning home, and when they caught sight Bai Xiaochun, they looked a bit surprised. Many of them had already seen him earlier at the Missions Office and the 10,000 M edicines Pavilion. Seeing him here caused them to exchange quizzical glances.


However, they had no other option than to clasp hands and offer greetings.

白小纯又一次感受到了身份的辉煌，看着那一个个外门弟子的拜见，他心花怒放，直至深夜，这才心满意足的离去。
Bai Xiaochun once again revelled in the glory of this status. Joy surged in his heart at the sight of one Outer Sect disciple after another offering greetings. It was late at night before he finally left, feeling very pleased with himself.

途中路过饲养灵尾鸡的地方，他顺路就走了过去，不久，阵阵拜见白师叔的声音再次传出，当他离开时，他的手中拎着两只灵尾鸡。
As he walked along, he saw the spirit tail chicken farm, and decided to stop by. Before long, calls of ‘Sect Uncle Bai’ could be heard. When he left, he held two spirit tail chickens in his hands.

“这就是身份的好处啊，以前我吃鸡，需要偷，现在我直接拿走，哼哼，掌门都是我师兄，谁敢惹我。”
“Ah, the perks of having status. When I wanted to eat chickens before, I had to steal them. Now I can just take them openly. Who would dare to provok e me now, huh?


My Elder Brother is the sect leader!”

白小纯一路哼着小曲，得意洋洋的回到了居所。
Bai Xiaochun hummed a little tune as he strolled back to his residence, emanating an air of pride and complacency.

第二天一早，太阳刚出，白小纯就精神抖擞的爬了起来，整理了一下衣衫，对着铜镜摆出很多样子，直至选择了一个觉得最符合身份的姿势，向外走去。
Early the next morning, when the sun had just risen, Bai Xiaochun crawled out of bed, feeling in very high spirits. Straightening his clothes, he looked at himself in his copper mirror and selected the best pose he could come up with, then stepped out.

他俨然是把这种事情，当成是 事业
Then he went about doing things in a very serious way, as if it were his job

这一次他没有去任务处，而是去了其他香云山上人多的地方，甚至还去看了一场香云山的小比
He didn't go to the Missions Office, but instead, visited many other locations on Fragrant Cloud Peak. He even went to watch the fighting competition

这一整天，他听到了无数声白师叔的称呼，白小纯有种得道成仙的感觉，神采飞扬，于是 第三天、第四天、第五天
Throughout the day, he heard countless people call him Sect Uncle Bai. To him, it was almost as if he had become an Immortal. His spirits were so high he nearly burst. And then the third day arrived.


Then the fourth, and the fifth

他竟一连这么溜达了十多天，到了最后，整个香云山的外门弟子，几乎所有人都至少称呼过数十次白师叔后，众人对于白小纯，已经是抓狂了，称呼一个小孩为师叔，一次也就罢了，可次数多了，他们越来越郁闷。
He strolled around the sect for more than ten days in a row. By that point, virtually all of the Outer Sect disciples on Fragrant Cloud Peak had called him Sect Uncle Bai, and were on the verge of going crazy. To call a kid like him Sect Uncle might be fine if it only happened once. But the more they had to call it out, the worse they felt.

这样的日子，白小纯每天过的都非常充实，他尤其喜欢遇到熟人，每次遇到，都会上前打招呼
Bai Xiaochun's days were long and fulfilling, and he especially liked it when he ran into people he knew. He would quickly hurry over and call out a greeting

“一多师侄，你别走啊，好久不见。”


一天，白小纯看到了赵一多，眼睛一亮立刻上前一把拉住对方，赵一多听到一多师侄这四个字，面皮抽动了一下。
One day he saw Zhao Yiduo. Eyes shining, he hurried over and grabbed his arm and said, “Sect Nephew Yiduo, long time no see! Don’t rush off!” When Zhao Yiduo heard the term ‘Sect Nephew’, his face twitched.

“白师叔，我们 这几天已经遇到了过好多次了 ”
“Sect Uncle Bai, we’ve we’ve run into each other several times in the past few days”

白小纯眨了眨眼，干咳一声，正要开口时忽然发现不远处有个身影，竟在看到自己后，立刻转身要走。
Bai Xiaochun blinked, then cleared his throat. It was at that point that he saw someone else nearby, someone who had noticed him and was just turning to leave.

“咦，这不是子昂师侄么，好久不见啊。”
“Eee?” he said. “Sect Nephew Zi'ang, long time no see!”

白小纯连忙放过赵一多，赶紧拦住陈子昂，神色露出喜悦。
He quickly released Zhao Yiduo and hurried over to stand in front of Chen Zi’ang, face beaming.

陈子昂都快抓狂了，他这些天，几乎每天都会遇到白小纯至少三次以上 据他所知，整个香云山但凡是认识白小纯的，都和自己一样，还有一个喜欢自称狼爷的倒霉的家伙，听说每天至少遇到白小纯十几次
Chen Zi’ang seemed to be on the verge of going mad. He had run into Bai Xiaochun every day recently, usually at least three times From what he had heard, it was the same with everyone who personally knew Bai Xiaochun. The person who had it worst of all was an unlucky fellow who called himself Lord Wolf, who suppos edly was visited by Bai Xiaochun dozens of times per day

“白师叔，那个 我还有事，先走一步。”
“Sect Uncle Bai, uh I have something to take care of, I have to run.”

陈子昂几乎是逃命般，赶紧逃开。
Chen Zi’ang promptly fled as though his life depended on it.

十多天后，香云山的外门弟子，几乎都在看到白小纯时，就装作没看到，这一幕让白小纯不悦，于是更加主动了。
Ten days later, the Outer Sect disciples on Fragrant Cloud Peak had begun to pretend not to notice Bai Xiaochun. That of course left him less than pleased, and forced him to take the initiative more often.


Bai Xiaochun grabbed one of Zhou Xinqi’s former fans and said, “Aiya!

“哎呀，本座看你怎么这么眼熟，来来来，你提醒一下我，我们是不是见过啊。”
You seem so familiar! Come, come, as an important person like myself, I sometimes forget things. Have we met already?”

白小纯抓到一个当初周心琪的倾慕者，在这外门弟子哭丧着脸中，被白小纯拉到了一旁，谈心了一炷香的时间，直至这弟子一连说了三十多次白师叔后，白小纯才心满意足的让这愁眉苦脸的外门弟子走了。
The disciple looked downright wretched as Bai Xiaochun began to chat with him. After enough time passed for an incense stick to burn, and after the disciple had called him Sect Uncle Bai more than thirty times, Bai Xiaochun finally seemed pleased, and allowed the miserable-looking disciple to leave.

可这也不是办法，白小纯看到很多人都躲着自己后，觉得自己应该更主动一些，于是在之后的日子里，他都会咳嗽一声提醒对方自己存在。
However, such a strategy wasn't really viable long-term. After realizing that everyone was avoiding him, he decided that he needed to take more initiative. In the following days, he would frequently clear his throat to alert people to his presence.

只是效果一般，使得白小纯颇为难过，好在这香云山，除了杜凌菲外，还有一个女孩，白小纯觉得非常可爱。
The results were only average, leaving Bai Xiaochun feeling quite down. Thankfully, there was another girl besides Du Lingfei whom Bai Xiaochun found quite charming.

她是侯小妹，这侯小妹几乎每天都会自己多次主动的出现在白小纯的面前，不用白小纯咳嗽，就蹦蹦哒哒的用甜腻腻的声音追着白小纯喊师叔。
It was Hou Xiaomei, who would take the initiative to come find him every day. There was no need for him to clear his throat, she was so enthusiastic she could hardly stand still in front of him, and would follow him around fawningly and call him Sect Uncle.


The other Outer Sect disciples felt a bit sick when they saw that, but Bai

看的四周其他外门弟子都心中酸酸的，可白小纯却越发开心得意，而且这侯小妹受白小纯曾经的教育，对于宗门内神秘莫测的小乌龟，已极为崇拜，有一次跟在白小纯身后时，还追问了一下白小纯对小乌龟的看法。
Xiaochun was delighted. Some time ago, Bai Xiaochun had provided her with some education regarding the mysterious little turtle of Fragrant Cloud Peak. She still adored the little turtle, and on one occasion when she was walking around with Bai Xiaochun, she asked him what he thought of the little turtle.

“小乌龟？
“The little turtle?

那是神秘莫测，天资绝伦，灵溪宗万年来罕见的伟大之人，这种人就如天空的白云，会让所有人仰望！”
He’s mysterious and unfathomable. He is naturally talented, and in the 10,00 0 year history of the Spirit Stream Sect, he is a rarely-seen, grandiose figure. He’s like a white cloud in a clear sky, someone that everyone can look up to!”

白小纯干咳一声，吹嘘道，心底好不容易才压下了要告诉侯小妹自己就是小乌龟的冲动，他打定主意，要找一个万众瞩目的时刻，告诉侯小妹自己这伟大的身份。
In the end, he coughed dryly. After uttering such grandiose words, Bai Xiaochun had to work hard not to just blurt out to Hou Xiaomei that he was the little turtle. However, he was still determined to find a time when he was the focus of all attention to tell Hou Xiaomei about his grand identity.

“我觉得也是，我和好多人都说过，小乌龟淡泊名利，追求药道的极致，风轻云淡，是如天空白云一样的人物。” 侯小妹听了后，双眼闪亮亮的。
“I feel the same way,” Hou Xiaomei responded, eyes glittering brightly. “I've told a lot of people that the little turtle is oblivious to material rewards. He pursues the Dao of medicine, and does not worry himself with worldly matters.

宗门内曾经有一段时间，有人传闻白小纯就是小乌龟，可这说法很快就被众人否定，毕竟每个人心中都有一个想象出的小乌龟，可无论怎么去想，似乎都与白小纯完全无法重叠，毕竟草木灵兽十座碑文上不记录名字，都是各自代表药道的符号，很难辨认出来。
He’s definitely like a white cloud in a clear sky.” For a while, there had been a lot of rumors that Bai Xiaochun was the little turtle. However, those rumors had eventually been refuted. Everyone had an idea of what they thought the little turtle looked like, and it definitely wasn’t

白小纯听到侯小妹这么说，没太注意，心思放在了南岸五大美女中的周心琪身上。
Bai Xiaochun. The fact that Hou Xiaomei responded in such a way didn’t really register to Bai Xiaochun. He was currently thinking about one of the top five beauties of the south bank, Zhou Xinqi.

“不知道一向高傲天骄的周心琪喊我白师叔时，是个什么样子。”
“I wonder what it would be like to hear a proud Chosen like Zhou Xinqi call me Sect Uncle?” he thought.

白小纯想到这里，顿时兴奋，于是每天都重点寻找周心琪。
The mere idea got him excited, and from that day on, he began to search relentlessly for Zhou Xinqi.

功夫不负有心人，直至有一次，他看到了周心琪踏着蓝绫，从天空飞过。
As the saying goes, everything comes to him who waits. One day, he looked up and happened to see Zhou Xinqi soaring through the air on her blue flying silk.

“心琪师侄女！”
“Sect Niece Xinqi!” he shouted.

白小纯连忙大喊。
Zhou Xinqi’s face twisted into an unsightly expression.

蓝绫上的周心琪面色瞬间难看，她也听说了白小纯这一个月来的事情，知道香云山外门弟子，这段日子已是谈白色变，此刻心琪师侄女这几个字落入耳中，她觉得全身鸡皮疙瘩都起来了，赶紧装作没听到，加速前方，可却没想到 白小纯竟执着在地面上飞奔。
She had heard about what Bai Xiaochun had been doing during the past month, and knew that all of the Outer Sect disciples had been talking about the matter in fearful tones. When the words “Sect Niece Xinqi” entered her ears, goosebumps sprang up all over her body. She immediately pretended as if she hadn’t heard him and proceeded along her way. However, how could she have imagined that Bai


Xiaochun would stubbornly run along beneath her, crying out at the top of his lungs.

“心琪师侄女，来来来，和师叔我谈谈人生吧。”
“Sect Niece Xinqi, come on, have a chat with your Sect Uncle about life!”

白小纯兴高采烈，很是振奋，他找周心琪好久了，今天终于遇到，岂能放过。
He was actually bursting with excitement, he had been looking for Zhou Xinqi for quite some time, and having finally run into her, there was no way he would simply give up.

周心琪一咬牙，加速疾驰，很快飞出了香云山，这才避开了白小纯。
Zhou Xinqi gritted her teeth and picked up speed. It was only by leaving Fragrant Cloud Peak that she was finally able to shake him.

白小纯远远看着周心琪的身影，叹了口气，觉得可惜。
Bai Xiaochun watched as she flew away, and sighed with regret.

“没事，不就是会飞么，我以后也能飞，有的是机会让你叫我白师叔。”
“Ah it doesn’t matter. You can fly, but I’ll be able to fly eventually too. One of these days, I’ll get you to call me Sect Uncle Bai.”

白小纯郁闷，眼看天色已晚，转身去找杜凌菲。
Feeling a bit depressed, he looked up at the darkening sky and then went to look for Du Lingfei.

杜凌菲一看到白小纯，就掩口轻笑。
As soon as she saw him coming, she covered her mouth with her hand as she laughed.

“白师叔，白师叔，白师叔 ”
“Sect Uncle Bai, Sect Uncle Bai, Sect Uncle Bai”

白小纯顿时高兴，越看杜凌菲越觉得可爱，只是没几天，杜凌菲因之前立下的功劳，被一位长老收为弟子，安排去了东林城，作为此城的灵溪宗执事，这对杜凌菲而言，是一个极好的机会，只需在东林城数年，就可获得足够的资历，与功劳加在一起，甚至可以直接晋升内门。
Bai Xiaochun’s spirits instantly soared because of Du Lingfei’s charmingness. A few days before, one of the sect elders had taken her as an apprentice because of the services she had rendered. Then she had been assigned to Eastwood City to serve as the Spirit Stream Sect’s emmisary there. It was a great oppor tunity for Du Lingfei, after spending a few years in


Eastwood City, considering her past experience and meritorious service, she would be directly promoted into the Inner Sect.

且在东林城，她有很大的权利，会使得自身修行资源比在宗门内好上太多。
Furthermore, she would have lot of authority in Eastwood City, and access to even more abundant cultivation resources than were available in the main sect.

白小纯觉得遗憾，送别杜凌菲后，又继续在香云山中寻找乐趣。
Bai Xiaochun sighed with regret as he saw her off. Then he continued to wander around Fragrant Cloud Peak looking for interesting things to do.

时间就这样流逝，又过去了一个月，整个香云山，白师叔这个词，已成为了一个禁忌，让所有人在想起时，都会苦笑连连。
Time passed. A month later, the words ‘Sect Uncle Bai’ had become somewhat taboo. Whenever anyone thought of them, they would laugh bitterly.

好在这个时候，白小纯也觉得这样下去不行了。
By that point, Bai Xiaochun finally came to the conclusion that it was time to call an end to the matter.

“我白小纯是灵溪宗掌门师弟，是所有弟子的师叔，并非只香云山一脉，不可厚此薄彼，我应该去其他峰转转。”
“I, Bai Xiaochun, am the Junior Brother of the Spirit Stream Sect’s sect leader. I am the Sect Uncle to all disciples, not just the disciples on Fragrant Cloud Peak. I can’t discriminate against the other mountain peaks.


I need to go visit them too.”

白小纯想了想，大义凛然，去了紫鼎山
After a bit of thought, he decided that it truly was the right thing to do. T hus, he headed toward Violet Cauldron Peak.

第六十九章 白小纯，少主让你去拜见
0068 chapter-69

一个月后，紫鼎山上的外门弟子，都要抓狂了，这一个月来，白小纯的出现，让他们知道了什么叫做把做师叔当成事业。
One month later, the Outer Sect disciples on Violet Cauldron Peak were about to go crazy. Bai Xiaochun had virtually made a career out of being a Sect Uncle, and everyone there knew it.

他们发现，无论在任何地方，只要是在这紫鼎山上，都会看到一个白白净净，身体有些瘦小，脸上露出想要去掩饰，可却分明掩饰不住的得意，大摇大摆的少年，见人就咳嗽一声，若有人不认识他，他还会主动的去介绍自己
They quickly came to find that it didn’t matter where they went, they were likely to run into a very pure and fair young man, slender, with a certain proud look on his face that he tried to cover up, but was unable to. As he swaggered along, he would loudly clear his throat whenever he encountered another disciple, and if they pretended they didn’t recognize him, he would immediately introduce himself.

白师叔这三个字，他们都已快要说破了嘴皮，可偏偏 他们没办法，白小纯是掌门师弟，辈分超过一切弟子，若有弟子敢对他不敬，那么就是触犯了门规。
Their throats began to go hoarse from speaking the words ‘Sect Uncle Bai’, and yet they had no choice but to continue doing so. After all, Bai Xiaochun was the Junior Brother of the sect leader, and in terms of seniority, he outranked everyone. Any disciple who dared to offend him was essentially violating sect rules.

最终还是众人找到了张大胖，让张大胖出面劝说，这才把白小纯送祖宗一样的送走，去了 青峰山。
Eventually, people went to Big Fatty Zhang to ask for help. In turn, he made a huge fanfare about seeing Bai Xiaochun off to visit Green Crest Peak.

又过去一个月，青峰山的弟子 也都疯了。
Another month passed, and the disciples of Green Crest Peak were also driven crazy.

尤其是陈飞三人，更是在这一个月，失魂落魄，白小纯在这青峰山上，经常出现在他们的门前，每次若陈飞三人不连续喊出上百声白师叔，就不算完。
That was especially true of Chen Fei and his two friends, who were soon frightened out of their minds. Once Bai Xiaochun began to do the rounds at Green Crest Peak, he would frequently look for them.

甚至在白小纯的找茬下，那副只要陈飞三人有半点不恭敬，就会被他禀告执法堂的样子，让陈飞三人心惊胆颤，整日小心翼翼，最后几乎是哭诉哀求，说出了钱大金，又被折磨的不成人形，白小纯这才放过他们，叹着气离开了青峰山，他自己也有些自责起来。
Despite the fact that they would instantly begin to blabber greetings to ‘Sect Uncle Bai’, that didn’t end things. Bai Xiaochun was quick to nitpick, and if they showed even an iota of disrespect, he would imply that he would report them to the Hall of Justice. Chen Fei and his friends began to shake with fear, and were soon treading on thin ice no matter where they went. In the end, they finally ratted out Qian


Dajin.


After giving them another good thrashing, Bai Xiaochun finally let them off the hook.


Sighing, he left Green Crest Peak, all the while blaming himself for what was going on.

“外门弟子都认识我了，可内门弟子还有人没见过呀，尤其是那个钱大金，还真以为我忘了？”
“The Outer Sect disciples all know me, but I haven’t had a chance to meet any of the Inner Sect disciples. And then there's Qian Dajin. Does he really think I’ve forgotten about him?”

白小纯琢磨半晌，深深的点了点头，觉得人生从此又多了乐趣，赶紧去寻找内门弟子。
After a long moment of thought, Bai Xiaochun deeply at the prospect of the immense pleasure he was about to experience. With that, he hurried off to find some Inner Sect disciples.

之后的一段日子，三座山峰上，白小纯的身影虽还是出没，可大都是在内门弟子居住的区域，以他的身份，这灵溪宗几乎所有地方，都可以进入。
In the following days, Bai Xiaochun made appearances on all three of the mountain peaks, most of the time in the areas occupied by the Inner Sect disciples. Considering his status, he could go almost anywhere in the Spirit

只是很快的，白小纯就没了兴趣，那些内门弟子大都闭关，他几个月也都没看到多少身影，尤其是钱大金，洞府外无数阵法全部开启，被吓的不敢出门，白小纯在钱大金门口一连堵了一个月，也都没看到对方，怎么喊话，都没有回应。
Stream Sect. However, he quickly lost interest. The Inner Sect disciples all happened to be in secluded meditation, and he hardly saw a single one even after a few months passed. That was especially true of Qian Dajin, whose immortal's cave was constantly under the protection of several spell formations.

“我就不信了！”
“I refuse to believe this just a coincidence!”

白小纯站在钱大金的门口，试图去轰开阵法，可内门弟子洞府的阵法，轻易很难强行打开，白小纯眼看不行，就要去找人过来，一起合力轰开钱大金的洞府。
Bai Xiaochun thought as he stood there in front of Qian Dajin’s door. He tried to break through the spell formations, but considering they were there to protect the immortal's cave of an Inner Sect disciple, they were simply too powerful. Seeing that it was impossible for him to succeed on his own, he decided that it would be best to go get some help in breaking them open.

就在这时，突然有两道身影从远处快速来临，那是两个内门弟子，一高一矮，临近后他们看向白小纯，没有拜见，而是平静开口。
However, it was at this point that two people appeared off in the distance, racing in his direction. They were Inner Sect disciples, one tall, one short, and as they closed in, they didn’t even make a show of clasping their hands in greeting. The first one to speak was the tall one.

“白师叔，有关钱大金之事，可否给我家少主一个面子，就此放过。”
Voice cool, he said, “Sect Uncle Bai, how about you give my clan’s Young Lord a bit of face and forget about what happened with Qian Dajin?

“我家少主，上官天佑。”
Oh, by the way, that Young Lord is none other than Shangguan Tianyou.”

这高个内门弟子，特意强调了一句。
From the young man’s tone of voice, he made it clear what he expected Bai

上官天佑，那是整个南岸三峰，三大天骄之首！
Xiaochun to do. Shangguan Tianyou was the most respected among the three great Chosen of the three mountain peaks of the south bank!

甚至资质可谓灵溪宗南岸千年罕见，尽管是外门弟子，可必定日后会成为筑基修士，使得宗门不少长老，对这上官天佑都与旁人不同，尤其是此人被南岸看成是可以压过北岸的希望所在，更是大力培养。
Latent talent such as his had been rare for at least a thousand years on the south bank of the Spirit Stream Sect, and although he was only an Outer Sect disciple, there was no question that he would soon reach Foundation Establishment. Because of that, many of the elders in the sect viewed Shangguan Tianyou as being a bit different from everyone else.


Many people even hoped that he would eventually be able to outdo the disciples of the north bank, and as such, a lot of resources were being put into his training.

而这上官天佑的追随者，在这青峰山上更是众多。
That in turn caused Shangguan Tianyou to have a lot of fans, especially on Green Crest Peak.

白小纯神色如常，若是换了以前，他会害怕，可他虽怕死，却不代表胆小，只要是与死亡没关系的事情，他的胆子大的很。
Bai Xiaochun’s expression was the same as ever. In the past, he might have started to get scared. However, his general fear of death did not indicate that he lacked courage. In fact, as long as a situation didn’t carry the threat of death, he was actually quite dauntless.

如今他的身份，已让他在宗门，几乎不会有死亡的事情发生，此刻傲视看向说话的二人，白小纯微微一笑。
Because of his current status, there was virtually nothing and no one in the sect who could threaten his life, and therefore, he simply turned his nose up and stared at the two newcomers with a slight smile.

“看见本座，居然不拜见，你们两个胆子不小，是谁给了你们底气如此嚣张，目无尊长，是那上官天佑？” 白小纯小袖一甩，淡淡开口。
“When you meet an important person like me, but fail to offer formal greetings, it shows what great gall the two of you have, doesn’t it?” He flicked his sleeve. “Who might it be that egged you on into such impertinent disrespect?

他话语一出，这两个内门弟子面色变化，其中高个的内门弟子，目中瞬间露出凌厉。
Might it have been Shangguan Tianyou?” The two Inner Sect disciples’ expressions flickered, and the tall one’s gaze turned sharp as he stared at Bai Xiaochun.

“白师叔，说话要小心一点。”
“Sect Uncle Bai,” he said, “you’d do best to pick your words a bit more carefully.”

他话语刚说到这里，还没等继续，眼前的白小纯身影就瞬间消失，这高个的内门弟子一愣时，狂风扑面，白小纯已出现在了他的面前。
Almost as soon as the words left his mouth, and before he could continue speaking, Bai Xiaochun suddenly vanished. A blast of wind swept across the Inner Sect disciple, who stared in shock as Bai Xiaochun appeared directly in front of him.

速度之快，绝非他们可以看清，甚至还没等二人反应过来，白小纯的右手抬起，一巴掌掀起破空天雷之音，落在了这高个内门弟子的脸上。
His speed was so incredible that the two Inner Sect disciples hadn’t even seen him move. Before they could react, Bai Xiaochun stretched his palm back and swept it toward the tall disciple's face, causing a sound like thunder to rumble out.

这高个内门弟子的衣袍，顿时散出防护之光，这是身为内门弟子的法器之一，可这光几乎刚起，在与白小纯的巴掌碰触的刹那，立刻崩溃的四分五裂，竟无法阻挡丝毫，任由白小纯的手掌，蕴含了无穷之力，如一座山岩，骤然落下。
Almost instantly, a protective shield sprang up from within the young man’s robe, the result of a magical device given to all Inner Sect disciples. However, in almost the same instant that the shield appeared, Bai Xiaochun’s palm landed, and it shattered into a thousand pieces. It was completely incapable of standing up to the incredible power of Bai Xiaochun’s palm.

轰的一声，那高个内门弟子眼中冒出金星，脑海瞬间嗡鸣，只觉得好似被一座山狠狠的撞了下，喷出鲜血，身体猛地被抛出，如断了线的风筝，直接被扇出数十丈外，连惨叫都没传出，直接痛的昏迷过去。
A massive slap rang out, and the tall disciple instantly saw stars. His mind thrummed, and he almost felt like he had been crushed by a mountain. Blood sprayed out of his mouth as he slammed into the ground, tumbling backward like a kite with its string cut. After rolling along for several dozen meters, shrieking the entire way, he finally lapsed into unconsciousness.

这一幕太突然了，旁边矮个的内门弟子目瞪口呆，脑海嗡鸣，身体下意识的后退，看着被白小纯一巴掌扇的昏迷的同伴，又看了看白小纯，他倒吸口气，使劲咽下一口唾沫。
Everything happened so quickly that the short disciple could do nothing more than stand there, mouth agape, mind spinning. After a moment, he began to edge backward, glancing first at his unconscious comrade and then back at Bai Xiaochun. Then he took a deep breath, and swallowed hard.

“你 你 ”他指着白小纯，身体颤抖，脑海发懵，他怎么也没想到，白小纯的肉身之力，居然如此骇人听闻。
“Y-you you” he stammered, pointing shakily at Bai Xiaochun. Never in his wildest dreams could he have imagined that Bai Xiaochun’s fleshly body power would be so shocking.

要知道，那可是凝气八层啊
It seemed on par with the eighth level of Qi Condensation

“长辈，是你一个内门弟子可以这么指着的么。” 白小纯转头看向那位矮个的内门弟子，开口时向前走去。
Bai Xiaochun turned slowly to look at the short disciple, and then said, “Can an Inner Sect disciple really gesture so rudely to someone of the elder generation?” Then he began to walk forward.

这矮个内门弟子发出惨叫，身体猛地后退，可还没等他退出多远，风声呼啸，白小纯瞬间临近，再次一巴掌呼了过去。
Shrieking, the short disciple turned tail and fled. However, before he could get very far, the sound of a screaming wind filled the air as Bai Xiaochun bore dow n on him and once again unleashed a mighty slap.

就在这时，一个声音带着阴冷，蓦然间从山下传来。
It was at that very moment that a stern, sinister voice rang out from down below.

“住手！”
“Stay your hand!”

声音传出时，一道身影急速而来。
Suddenly, a newcomer appeared on the scene.

白小纯看都不看一眼，手掌更快，轰的一声，这矮个内门弟子无数牙齿飞出，鲜血喷洒，整个人脖子都快扭了，直接飞出，倒在了一旁昏迷过去。
However, Bai Xiaochun paid him no heed. His palm moved too quickly, and the short Inner Sect disciple was sent flying. Teeth spun through the air, and blood spattered. The disciple’s neck seemed to be on the verge of breaking as he flew off to the side, unconscious.

做完这些，白小纯这才一甩小手，抬头看向从山下急速临近之人，这是一个中年男子，修为竟是凝气九层，与陈恒不相上下。
With that, Bai Xiaochun shook out his hand and looked at the person racing up from further down the mountain. It was a middle-aged man with a cultivation base in the ninth level of Qi Condensation, a level of power similar to Chen Heng.

他盯着白小纯，怒笑起来。 “你没听到我方才说的话么，该死的，白小纯，你 ”
The man glared furiously at Bai Xiaochun and said, “Didn't you hear what I just said, Bai Xiaochun? Dammit! You’re”

“这位师侄，你也想挨一巴掌？” 白小纯抬起下巴微笑开口，之前的两位，加上眼前这位，白小纯一眼就看出他们对自己根本就没有丝毫尊敬，甚至骨子里都带着轻蔑，仿佛高高在上，这样的内门弟子，他很是反感。
Bai Xiaochun lifted his chin, smiled, and interrupted, “Sect Nephew, are you looking to get slapped as well?” From the actions of the two disciples moments ago, as well as this man’s words, it was clear that they didn't have the least bit of respect for him, and furthermore, even disdained him to some degree, as though they felt that they completely outranked him. Inner Sect disciples like that were completely contemptible as far as he was concerned.

他话语一出，中年男子面色阴晴不定，声音嘎然而止，白小纯这里的肉身之力，让他心惊，方才也是气急，此刻回想起来，顿时深吸口气，再加上白小纯的身份，之前的所作所为，就算是执法堂也都说不出什么。
Bai Xiaochun’s words caused various expressions to flash across the man’s face, and he bit back his next words. Bai Xiaochun’s impressive display of fleshly body strength left him breathless and in complete shock. Now that the man thought about it, he realized that, considering Bai Xiaochun’s status, it didn't matter what he did here, the Hall of Justice wouldn’t care a bit. The middle-aged man stared at Bai Xiaochun for a long moment, suppressed his fury, and then explained his purpose in coming.

“白小纯，我家少主让你过去拜见。”
“Bai Xiaochun, my clan’s Young Lord wishes for you to go offer him formal greetings.”

中年男子盯着白小纯，半晌之后深吸口气，强行压下怒火，说出了他此番到来的目的，他是奉上官天佑之命，前来让白小纯过去。
He had actually been sent by Shangguan Tianyou to order Bai Xiaochun go offer formal greetings. In his opinion, his clan’s Young Lord was making a mountain out of a molehill. Bai Xiaochun had lucked his way into being an important person, and was more of a clown than anything else.

在他看来，自家少主有些小题大做了，这白小纯只不过是个侥幸立功的弟子，小丑般的人物罢了，杀了几个修真家族脆弱的族人，若不是运气好，也不可能让宗门去如此宣传，实在不值得必定会飞黄腾达，甚至日后有一丝金丹希望的少主派人来传话。
He had killed a few weak members of some cultivator clan, and it was only by chance that the sect ended up making a big deal about him. That certainly didn't earn him the right to be given face by a Young Lord who was already making his meteoric rise, and would certainly reach the Gold Core stage and forge a legend in the future. In fact, this man actually felt that being sent to fetch Bai Xiaochun to come offer greetings was a bit below his status.

哪怕只是让这白小纯过去拜见，在这中年男子看去，也是有份。
Bai Xiaochun could already see how arrogant of a person Shangguan Tianyou was. Considering his own status, if he didn't come in person, or if he chose to just send a message, it might be acceptable. But instead, he actually wanted Bai Xiaochun to go visit him!

“一个外门弟子，就算是天骄又如何，让我去见？
“Even if he’s a Chosen, do you really think an Outer Sect disciple can order me to offer him greetings?

应该是他来见我！”
He should be the one coming to greet me!”

白小纯从这一件事情里，就清晰的感受到了那上官天佑的高傲，以自己的身份，对方不亲自来也就罢了，不亲自传讯也就算了，居然还让自己过去拜见。


袖子一甩，一股大风吹开，中年男子眼中立刻露出怒火。
The middle-aged man flicked his sleeve, sending out a blast of wind. “Bai

“白小纯，我家少主让你去拜见，是给了你天大的面子，多少人想要去拜见都没机会，你 ”他刚说到这里，神色一变，猛地后退，可还是晚了一步，白小纯的身体瞬间就出现在了他的前方，依旧是一巴掌轰然落下。
Xiaochun,” he grated furiously, “for my clan’s Young Lord to ask you to go visit him is a huge show of face. Do you know how many people wish they could go offer formal greetings? You” Before he could finish speaking, his face flickered, and he leaped backward.


However, he was just a bit too slow.


Bai Xiaochun appeared directly in front of him and reached back his palm.

“你敢！”
“How dare you!”

中年男子凝气九层的修为，全面爆发，掐诀间一道道风刃幻化，阻挡在身前，可就在这些风刃出现的瞬间，轰鸣之声滔天，那些风刃在白小纯的手掌下，势如破竹，全部崩溃，竟无法阻挡丝毫。
The man’s cultivation base was in the ninth level of Qi Condensation, and he unleashed all of its power, simultaneously performing an incantation gesture that summoned numerous wind blades. However, even as the wind blades appeared in front of him, Bai Xiaochun’s palm smashed into them, crushing them like twigs. They couldn’t provide even the slightest bit of protection.

白小纯的巴掌，瞬间崩溃一切阻碍，落在了这中年男子的脸上。
The palm proceeded onward almost as if nothing had attempted to block its way, landing almost instantly on the man’s face.

轰的一声，惨叫传出，这中年男子身体被抛出，在数十丈外才勉强站稳，
A slapping sound echoed out, followed by a scream. The middle-aged man staggered backward thirty meters or more before finally lurching to a stop.


With that, Bai Xiaochun swished his sleeve and snorted arrogantly.

“连陈恒都不如，难怪会认人做主，滚！”
“You’re not even as powerful as Chen Heng. No wonder you’re such a lackey!

白小纯小袖一甩，傲哼一声。
Screw off!”

中年男子骇然的望着白小纯，身体瑟瑟发抖，他左脸高高鼓起，带着牙齿的鲜血溢出时，急速后退。
The man looked back at Bai Xiaochun in astonishment. He was shaking visibly, and his cheek was already swelling up. Blood oozing from between his teeth, he quickly fled.

直至对方走远，白小纯转头望着钱大金的洞府，眯起了眼，他性格怕死，所以对于任何想要弄死自己的人，从来都是睚眦必报。
After the man left, Bai Xiaochun looked back toward Qian Dajin’s immortal's cave with narrowed eyes. He was the type of person who feared death, and as such, if someone tried to kill him, he would seek revenge upon them no matter what.

这钱大金哪怕找来了上官天佑，此事白小纯也不会放过，这段日子，他看似在宗门内随意，可实际上早就对钱大金展开调查。
It didn't matter if Qian Dajin asked for help from Shangguan Tianyou, there was no possible way Bai Xiaochun would let him off the hook. Although Bai Xiaochun’s actions in the sect recently had seemed somewhat casual, he had actually long since carried out a thorough investigation about Qian Dajin.

“以为躲在里面，我就拿你没办法了？”
“You think you can hide away in there?” he thought. “You think I have no way of making you show your face?”

白小纯冷哼，转身离去，以他现在的身份，没过多久，一道任务玉简就从执法堂飞出，穿梭钱大金的洞府，出现在了钱大金的面前。
With a cold snort, he turned to leave. Based on his current status, what happened next was no surprise. A jade slip from the Hall of Justice appeared, a mission. It took only a moment for it to pass into Qian Dajin’s immortal’s cave, and hover in the air in front of him.


It was just like what had happened with Bai Xiaochun.

与当初白小纯一样，都是强制安排的危险任务，钱大金苦涩许久，不得不外出执行 也有外出避祸的念头存在。
Qian Dajin was being forced to accept a very dangerous mission outside the sect. A bitter smile appeared on his face, as he realized that he had no choice but to emerge from hiding to carry out the mission However, he still clung to the hope that being outside of the sect might help him avoid catastrophe. Unfortunately, he had underestimated the lengths to which Bai Xiaochun would go to exact his revenge. He had already arranged for several such missions to be assigned to Qian Dajin.

可他小看了白小纯的睚眦必报，这样的任务，他已为钱大金安排了数十个，且暗自联系了侯云飞，侯家是修真家族，有筑基老祖，底蕴深厚，对于白小纯这里极为看重，再加上侯云飞与侯小妹的存在，属于天然的盟友。
Furthermore, he’d asked for some help from Hou Yunfei. The Hou Clan had a Foundation Establishment patriarch, and access to other deep reserves. Considering how important Bai Xiaochun was to them, and coupled with the urgings of Hou Yunfei and Hou


Xiaomei, they had become a pow erful ally.

自然会相助此事，保证可以让钱大金在这一次次的执行中，意外的陨落。
With the help of the Hou Clan, it was a foreordained certainty that Qian Dajin would be struck with misfortune during the course of trying to carry out the missions.

关于钱大金的事情，执法堂不是不知道，只不过当时白小纯毕竟陨落，且此事不宜传开，所以尽管没有立刻追究，但已记录在案。
It wasn’t that the Hall of Justice was unaware of what had occurred with Qian Dajin, and how it led to Bai Xiaochun’s fall in combat. However, despite the fact that the news was never spread publically, internal records had been maintained.

如今白小纯归来，想要处理，执法堂没有半点阻止，隐隐有亏欠之意，所以任由白小纯去动手，甚至在内部，已将钱大金列为死亡之中。
Now that Bai Xiaochun was back and wanted to settle accounts, there was little they could do to stop him. In fact, it was almost as if they owed him, and were simply allowing him to do what he wanted. To top it off, there were even some people who had already come to view Qian Dajin as dead.

第七十章 嗨，李师兄
0069 chapter-70

青峰山靠近山顶的地方，有一处单独的小路，路的尽头，存在了一处水潭，里面有金色的鱼在游走。
In a certain location near the summit of Green Crest Peak was a solitary little path. At the end of that path was a pool of water, within which swam several golden-colored fish.

水潭旁是一处洞府，此地独门独院，很是幽静，灵气更是浓郁远超其他同门居所。
Next to the pond was an immortal's cave. It was a somewhat remote and isolated place, very quiet, with abundant spiritual energy that clearly exceeded anything else nearby.

此刻在这水潭旁，坐着一个青年，这青年穿着外门弟子的长衫，样子俊美，一头黑发披肩，看起来神俊非常。
On the bank of the pond sat a young man. He wore the long robe of an Outer Sect disciple, and was exceedingly good-looking, with long black hair, fair skin, and a refined, intelligent air.

皮肤白皙，甚至会让女弟子看到后也都自叹不如，尤其是他的双眼，虽是凤目，可眼中却有一抹精芒时而闪过，使得整个人的气质，极为特别。
He was the type of young man that female disciples would sigh over constantly, whose phoenix-like eyes were delicate, and yet glistened with flickering light. Overall, he seemed completely unique.

他的手中拿着一些小鱼，时而扔到水潭内，被那些金色的鱼儿争先恐后的撕碎吞食。
He currently held a fishing rod, w hich he would occasionally cast out into the pond, whereupon the fish would voraciously compete to gobble up the food attached to the end of the line.

此刻，顺着小路，那被白小纯扇了一巴掌的中年男子，面如铁青的快速来临，到了此地时，他不由得放缓了脚步，神色内露出恭敬，在青年面前抱拳一拜。
The middle-aged man who Bai Xiaochun had just slapped was hurrying up the path, face ashen. When he reached the end, he slowed down and respectfully clasped hands and bow ed to the young man. “Greetings, Young Lord,” he said through gritted teeth.

“见过少主。”
“Young Lord, Bai

“少主，那白小纯不识抬举，我已将话说的很明白，让他过来拜见，可此人却飞扬跋扈，仗着身份嚣张的不得了。”
Xiaochun doesn't know how to appreciate favors. I carefully relayed your message, but instead of coming to offer greetings, he acted bossy and domineering. He thinks he can simply throw his weight around with impunity!”

中年男子咬牙说道。
The young man looked over, his expression seemingly ambivalent. “Well,” he said coolly, “forget about it then.

“那就罢了，一个小人物，我让他来拜见，也是一时兴起。”
He’s a nobody . It was mostly just on a whim that I thought to have him come offer greetings.” The man .

青年没有抬头，毫不在意，淡淡开口。
“I think I understand what you mean, Young Lord.

“少主说的是，一个小人物而已，荣耀弟子是给死人的，至于掌门师弟，这身份真的可笑，拜一个死人为师。”
The reason he’s a nobody is that the position of Prestige disciple is only given to dead people, right? Plus, being the Junior Brother of the Sect Leader is a complete joke. In fact, his Master is actually a corpse.”

中年男子点头，冷笑时忽然心神一颤，发现眼前这青年此刻抬起头，冷冷的望着自己。
The man chuckled coldly for a moment, but then shivered as he realized that the young man was staring at him with an icy expression.

“少 少主 ”中年男子有些害怕。
All of a sudden, the middle-aged man was struck with fear. “Young Young Lord”


“It’s true that he’s a nobody ,” the young man said, “not even worth paying attention to.

“他是小人物，不用在意，可掌门的师尊，宗门曾经老祖，岂能是你直接称呼的，去寒潭自罚掌嘴三个月。”
However, the Sect Leader’s Master is a former patriarch of our sect. Do you really think you qualify to even mention him? Go to the Frigid Abyss and slap yourself for three months straight as punishment.”

青年收回目光，继续给金色的鱼儿喂食。
With that, the young man looked away and continued to feed his golden fish.

中年男子心底颤抖，连忙点头，赶紧告退。
Trembling, the middle-aged man in assent and quickly took his leave.

解决了钱大金的事情，白小纯回到了香云山，对于那上官天佑，白小纯毫不在意，他有功劳在身，除非叛宗，否则生命不会有任何威胁。
Having settled the issue of Qian Dajin, Bai Xiaochun returned to Fragrant Cloud Peak. He wasn't worried at all about Shangguan Tianyou. Considering the meritorious service he had performed for the sect, unless he turned traitor, his life wouldn’t be in danger at all.

只是眼看自己身为师叔，如今慢慢的却找不到那种被称呼的感觉，众人都是躲着他走，白小纯有些感慨，直至他一次无意中路过讲经殿时，他忽然振奋。
As time passed, he lost some of his excitement over being called Sect Uncle, especially considering that most people avoided him at all costs. In fact, he actually came to feel a bit melancholy. However, one day he happened to wander into the scripture pavilion, whereupon his spirits were lifted almost instantly.

他发现自己只要到来，立刻就会被赐座，与讲述经文的长老坐在一起，俯视下方无数弟子。
He found that as soon as he arrived, he was immediately granted a reading space alongside the lecturing elders, where he could look down upon the countless disciples in attendance.

这种事情，白小纯经历了一次后就立刻喜欢了，于是身影总是出没在各个山峰的讲经殿内。
He fell in love with the experience almost immediately, after which he came to frequent the mountaintop sermon pavilion.

甚至坐在那里时，还不时的含笑点头，时而看向下方的弟子，目中与身边的筑基长老一样，都露出赞赏欣慰。
There he would sit, occasionally giving a smile and a nod to disciples down below, eyes sparkling with satisfaction. He looked very much like the Foundation Establishment elders whom he sat next to.

这一幕，不但他身边的筑基长老哭笑不得，下方的那些各山峰的弟子，一个个都郁闷到了极致，看向白小纯时，纷纷恨恨，可却没办法。
The Foundation Establishment elders didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, and as for the disciples from the various mountain peaks, their spirits couldn’t be lower, but they had no choice but to simply stare up angrily at Bai Xiaochun.

同时，白小纯也找到了新的卖弄自己掌门师兄的方法，他开始频繁的出现在宗门各个筑基修士的身边，每次都是享受一样的待遇。
Bai Xiaochun had found a new way to flaunt his status as the Junior Brother of the sect leader.

看到那些筑基修士，他就立刻上前一口一个师兄师姐，很是乖巧，看的那些筑基修士一个个也说不出什么，只是次数多了，难免神色古怪，而身边的弟子，纷纷无奈之下，只能连带着称呼白师叔。
When he came into the presence of the Foundation Establishment cultivators, he would immediately call them Elder Brother and Elder Sister. Although they didn't say anything in response, strange expressions could be seen on their faces, and any nearby disciples would eventually be forced to utter the words ‘Sect Uncle Bai’.

这种状态持续了一段日子后，白小纯一次看到了李青候，竟没忍住，亲切的喊了一声。
Things went on like that for some time until one day, Bai Xiaochun happened to run into Li Qinghou. Unable to restrain himself, Bai Xiaochun immediately cried out in an amiable tone, “Hey, Elder Brother Li.” Li Qinghou looked a bit haggard.

“嗨，李师兄。”
He had been working this entire time on concocting the Nine Ultimates Pill, and was currently on his way out of the sect.

李青候神色有些憔悴，直至今日，他终将九绝丹练出，此刻正要出门，闻言一愣，四下看了眼，在看到了白小纯后，面皮抽动了一下，这段日子有关白小纯的事情，他虽炼丹，可也有耳闻，很头疼，眼下发现这白小纯居然如此称呼自己，李青候一瞪眼。
As soon as the words entered his ears, his jaw dropped, and he looked around until his gaze came to fall on Bai Xiaochun. Then, his cheek twitched. Although he had been spending all his time on pill-concocting lately, he had heard about Bai Xiaochun’s antics, which had turned into quite a headache. To hear Bai Xiaochun addressing him in such a fashion left Li Qinghou glaring in shock.

白小纯喊完，自己就后悔了，此刻看到李青候瞪眼，他顿时倒吸口气，这宗门内他最怕的，就是李青候了。
As soon as the words left his mouth, Bai Xiaochun regretted speaking them. Seeing Li Qinghou’s reaction then caused him to suck in a breath. After all, Li Qinghou was the person he feared most in the entire sect.

“李叔 我 我错了。” 白小纯哭丧着脸，哆嗦的连忙开口。
Grimacing, he shivered and quickly said, “Uncle Li er my mistake.”

李青候看着白小纯，心中升起阵阵无奈，狠狠的再次瞪了一眼，对于最近关于白小纯的那些事情，他训斥了一番。
However, there was really nothing Li Qinghou could do, and he knew it. Glaring even harder at Bai Xiaochun, he decided to rebuke him a bit for his recent behavior.

“我要出门一趟，短则数月，慢则一年，你这段日子莫要贪玩，勤加修行才是正道。”
“I'm leaving the sect for a bit,” he said. “At the soonest, I’ll be back in a few months, at the most, a year. Don’t even think of fooling around while I'm gone. Work hard at your cultivation.”

李青候又叮嘱了几句，这才转身离去。
After a few more words of exhortation, he turned and left.

白小纯长松口气，看着李青候的背影，他的目中虽有畏惧，可更多的却是一种对长辈的温恭，他听杜凌菲说了，自己失踪后，李青候独自寻找了自己两个月，归来时拿着他的一些衣服碎片，很多时候都在自责。
Bai Xiaochun let out a long sigh of relief as Li Qinghou made his way off into the distance. A glimmer of fear could be seen in his eyes, but at the same time, a bit of warmth and respect for one of his elders could also be seen. He couldn’t help but remember what Du Lingfei said about the time he had gone missing, and how Li Qinghou had spent two months searching for him on his own. Upon his return, Li Qinghou had been in quite a sorry state, and seemed to blame himself for what had happened.

这种温暖，是白小纯这一辈子，自从父母病逝后，就很少体会到，他的心里，早已不知不觉的，将李青候当成了自己的亲人。
After Bai Xiaochun’s father and mother fell sick and died, he hadn’t shown such warmth and respect to anyone. At some point, though, he had come to view Li Qinghou as one of his own relatives.

有了李青候的训斥，白小纯消停了半个月，不再总是见人就咳嗽，只是时而去周心琪的洞府外，想着整个宗门，自己熟悉的人里，就周心琪没喊自己白师叔了。
Because of Li Qinghou's admonition, Bai Xiaochun changed his ways for about half a month. During that time, he ceased clearing his throat to attract attention, and instead focused his attention on Zhou Xinqi’s immortal's cave. In all of the sect, she was the only person who knew him personally but refused to call him Sect Uncle Bai.

直至又过去了数日，他再次看到了周心琪，依旧是踏着蓝绫，急速而去，白小纯无法飞行，眼巴巴的望着对方飞远，他心底郁闷。
After a few months passed, he started to get a bit depressed. After all, he could only catch sight of Zhou Xinqi whizzing around on her blue flying silk. Considering that he was incapable of flight, it didn’t matter how much he chased after her, he could only watch in dismay as she flew away.

“能让凝气弟子飞行的法器，宗门内只有少数人才有，除非是陈恒那样自身有些特殊的功法，否则的话，就只能是依靠法器。”
“There are probably only a few magical devices in the whole sect that Qi Condensation disciples can use to fly. Without a special technique like the one that Chen Heng used, the only way to fly is to get one of those magical devices. “It's so unfair!

“不公平啊，这些法器不应该都是师傅给的么，我 我的师傅 ”白小纯连连叹息，走了几步后，他忽然一顿，目中转动了几下，转身直奔种道山。
My Master should have gifted me with such an item. My my Master” Sighing, he walked along for a bit more before suddenly stopping in his tracks. Looking up in thought for a moment, he suddenly turned and headed toward Mount Daoseed.

以他掌门师弟的身份，进入种道山没有任何阻碍，很快就到了山顶，到了掌门郑远东所在的大殿前。
As the Junior Brother of the Sect Leader, he had unrestricted access to Mount Daoseed, and before long, there he was at the top of the mountain, where Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong’s grand hall was located.

“掌门师兄，掌门亲师兄！”
Swaggering in, Bai Xiaochun called out, “Elder Brother Sect Leader, oh dear Elder Brother Sect Leader!

“我要去给师傅上香！”
I want to go offer incense to my Master!”

白小纯大摇大摆的走了进来，大声的喊道，大殿内，郑远东从盘膝中睁开眼，叹了口气。
Zheng Yuandong sat there in the hall cross-legged in meditation. As soon as he heard Bai Xiaochun's voice, he sighed.

这段日子，太多的人找到这里，向他诉说白小纯的所作所为，他的心底早已后悔，可木已成舟，没有办法，只能装作没看到，毕竟白小纯虽有这种恶趣，但却没有任何害人之心，这就足够了。
In recent days, so many people had come to visit him that he had lost count. He had heard all about Bai Xiaochun’s doings, and had long since come to regret the situation. Unfortunately, as the old saying went, the timber had already been crafted into a boat, and there was little to be done. After all, despite Bai Xiaochun’s peculiar preoccupations, he wasn't doing anything to hurt anyone.

此刻听到白小纯的呼喊，郑远东缓缓走出，咳嗽一声，神色肃然。
Hearing Bai Xiaochun continue to call out to him, Zheng Yuandong slowly rose to his feet, cleared his throat, and looked over solemnly.

“行了，听到了。”
“Calm dow n, I heard you.”

“师弟见过掌门师兄。” 白小纯模样乖巧，看到郑远东后连忙一拜。
Looking very charming, Bai Xiaochun hurried over and clasped hands in greeting. “Junior Brother offers greetings, Elder Brother Sect Leader.”

看着白小纯的样子，郑远东心底一叹，他如今算是真正的了解白小纯了，摇头苦笑时，带着白小纯去了后山禁地。
Zheng Yuandong sighed inwardly. Although he knew what was going on, he couldn’t help but shake his head and smile wryly as he led Bai Xiaochun into the restricted area behind the mountain.

在那后山的一处洞府内，墙壁上挂着一张画像，里面有一个中年男子，面带微笑，凝视远方，整个画像充满了一股很特别的气息，使得画中人，仿佛并没有死亡，栩栩如生。
In the immortal's cave in that area, a portrait was hung on the wall depicting a middle-aged man. The man smiled faintly as he looked off into the distance, emanating a unique aura that made his image look quite lifelike.

画像下是贡台，上面放着灵果与灵烛，整个洞府虽素雅，可却给人一种庄严之感。
Beneath the portrait was a small tribute altar, upon which could be seen some spirit fruits and spirit candles. The immortal's cave was simple but elegant, and filled one with a sense of incredible dignity.

白小纯一进入洞府，就立刻来到画像下，噗通一声跪在那里，神色恭敬的磕头，一连磕了九个头。
As soon as Bai Xiaochun entered, he hurried over to the portrait and ploppe d down into a kneeling position. Then he began to kowtow deeply, touching the floor with his forehead nine times, his expression very solemn.


Finally, he looked up at the portrait, his eyes radiating pious sincerity.

“师傅，弟子给您请安。”
“Master, apprentice has come to pay respects.”

白小纯望着画像里的师傅，他的目中露出虔诚。
Zheng Yuandong stood off to the side looking on.

郑远东在一旁暗自点头，觉得白小纯虽顽劣，可这忠孝之心，还是具备的，以他的阅历，自然一眼看出白小纯的神情，是真的虔诚，没有丝毫刻意做作之态。
Although he knew Bai Xiaochun was stubborn and mischievous, he also could tell that he had a filial heart. Considering Zheng Yuandong’s experience in life, he was able to tell from Bai Xiaochun’s expression that the pious sincerity was real, and not an act.

可紧接着 白小纯又开口了。
But then Bai Xiaochun continued to speak.

“师傅，徒儿苦啊，都不会飞 别的弟子，他们的师傅都给法宝，又给保命之物，只有我这里没有 ”
“Master, your apprentice has been going through some tough times. I can’t even fly Other disciples’ Masters have all given them magical items to help them fly, as well as life-protecting treasures. Sadly, I don’t have anything

“师傅啊，徒儿不在乎那些外物，只要能给师傅您上香，就心满意足了，说不定师傅您在天之灵，也能变个法宝托梦给徒儿 ”
“But that’s fine, Master. Your apprentice doesn’t care about material things anyway. As long as I can burn some incense for you, sir, then I'm happy. Who knows, maybe your spirit in heaven will hear me and somehow manage to bequeath me with something”

听着白小纯这番话语，一旁的郑远东猛地睁大了眼。
When Zheng Yuandong heard this, his eyes went wide.

“师傅，徒儿当初为了保护宗门，为了万年传承不断，为了宗门大义，一路被追杀，九死一生，所有法宝都在那个时候爆掉废弃了，现在回到宗门后一无所有，口袋干瘪，所有的东西都没了，连杂役都不如了 ”
“Master, it wasn’t very long ago that your apprentice gave everything to protect the sect, to ensure that its 10,000- year legacy continued on. To protect the honor of the sect, I was chased dow n relentlessly, and during that time, all of my magical items were lost or ruined. I came back to the sect without anything to call my own. My bags are empty.


I’m more impove rished than a servant

“师傅，您不要有压力，没事的，徒儿哪怕没有护身法宝，哪怕没有能飞的法器，也一样为宗门赴汤蹈火，义不容辞！
“I don't want you to feel any pressure, though, Master. It’s fine. Your apprentice isn’t afraid of lacking defensive magical items. Even if I don’t have a magical flight device, I’ll still go through hell or high water for the sect.

只是万一我有段时间没来给您老人家上香，那就说明我因为没有保命法宝，因为没有飞行法器逃的不快，小命丢了 到时候我亲自去找您，和您老人家，在下面相聚。”
It’s my duty! However, if enough time goes by and I haven’t come to burn incense for you, Master, then that will just go to show that my lack of life-protecting magical items and magical flight devices has caused me to lose my poor little life At least then I will be able to personally go to reunite with you, sir.”

白小纯一边说，一边侧头眼巴巴的看着身后的掌门亲师兄。
Even as he spoke, Bai Xiaochun looked out at his dear Elder Brother Sect Leader out of the corner of his eye.

郑远东面部抽动，他这一次真的被白小纯这里惊呆了，他修行这么多年，这还是第一次遇到白小纯这样奇葩的弟子。
Zheng Yuandong’s face twitched. He was truly stupefied. In all the years he had practiced cultivation, this was the first time he had ever encountered a disciple as outlandish as Bai Xiaochun.

此刻他心底苦笑，抬头时看着画像内的师尊，想到了很多往事，尤其是当初自己刚刚拜入师尊门下，师傅也曾送了自己一些护身法器。
Chuckling bitterly in his heart, he looked up at the portrait of his Master, and then thought for a long moment. It was true that when he had first been apprenticed to his Master, he had been bequeathed with a protective magical device.

想到这里，郑远东叹了口气，看向白小纯时，目中慢慢柔和。
Having reached this point in his train of thought, Zheng Yuandong looked over at Bai Xiaochun, his gaze softening.


Before long, Bai Xiaochun and Zheng Yuandong left the immortal's cave.

不多时，白小纯跟着郑远东走出洞府，一路他眼巴巴的看着郑远东，直至到了种道山的大殿外，郑远东脚步一顿，转头看向白小纯，右手抬起一挥，顿时他的手中出现了一金一白两道光芒。
The entire time, Bai Xiaochun was looking at Zheng Yuandong out of the corner of his eye. Eventually, they reached the grand hall on Mount Daoseed, whereupon Zheng Yuandong stopped walking. Turning to look at Bai Xiaochun, he waved his hand, causing two streams of light to fly out, one of them gold, the other white.

那金色的，是一把飞剑，巴掌大小，可在出现的同时，四周的虚无竟有一些扭曲，散出高温，看起来极为不俗，剑身上，还有一些复杂难懂的符文，正在慢慢的闪耀，每一次闪动，都会让这四周出现细微的波动。
The golden light contained a palm-sized flying sword. However, its mere appearance caused the air around it to distort as it radiated waves of heat. It seemed completely extraordinary, and was covered with countless complicated magical symbols which glittered radiantly, and caused fluctuations to spill out in all directions.

至于白光，则是一面小盾，这盾牌一样巴掌大小，通体如白玉一样，上面雕刻一只仙鹤，活灵活现，阵阵温暖之感，从这白玉小盾上不时的散出。
The white light contained a small shield, also palm-sized. It was made of white jade, and carved with extremely life-like immortal cranes. It also radiated an intense warmth. Bai Xiaochun could instantly tell that they were extraordinary items.

这两样物品，白小纯看到后立刻觉得不凡，他眼中冒光，呼吸都急促了，但很快他就看出一丝不同，无论是剑还是盾，居然在上面都有三道银纹。
Eyes shining, he began to pant as he realized that there was something even more outstanding to the two items, both of them were decorated with three unique flowing sets of lines. Zheng Yuandong looked gently at Bai Xiaochun, his eyes gleaming with encouragement.

“金乌剑，此剑封印一只金乌，具备炙炎之力，金乌可幻化出，堪比使用者等同修为，擅飞行，最高可到筑基初期，若爆裂，威力更大。”
“Within the Golden Crow Sword is sealed a golden crow,” he said. “It contains the power of blazing fire, and can summon an illusory golden crow of the same cultivation base as the person summoning it. It can be used to fly, and can be used until the early Foundation Establishment stage. If it is destroyed, it will unleash incredible power.

“神鹤盾，取一只仙鹤魂，凝聚出此防护法器，可为你阻挡一次筑基以下，生死危机。”
“The Divine Crane Shield is a defensive magical device created from the soul of an immortal crane. It can protect you from any deadly crisis less powerful than Foundation Establishment.

“这两样物品，都被我曾经拿去让大师炼灵三次，可惜不敢继续炼灵，这是当年我入门时，师尊送我，今日我代师尊送给你。”
“My Master performed threefold spirit enhancements on both of these items, but didn’t dare to proceed beyond that. Back when I joined the sect, my Master gave them to me, and I hereby represent him to bequeath them to you.”

郑远东望着白小纯，神色更为温和，目中露出勉励之意。
Bai Xiaochun excitedly accepted the items and began to fondle them admiringly.

“谢师尊，谢掌门亲师兄！”
“Thank you, Master. Thank you, dear Elder Brother Sect

白小纯激动，连忙接过，爱不释手。


第七十一章 活着的荣耀苗子
Leader!” 0070 chapter-71

对于炼灵，因有龟纹锅，所以白小纯更为关注，早就知道宗门内紫鼎山上，就有一位筑基长老，擅长炼灵。
Because of the turtle-wok, Bai Xiaochun understood quite a bit about spirit enhancement. He also was well aware that there was a Foundation Establishment elder from Violet Cauldron Peak who was a skilled spirit enhancer.

宗门也有弟子去他那里，缴纳一定的贡献后，让那位长老相助，一两次还好，超过两次，成功的几率就骤减了。
For a few merit points, that elder would help disciples perform spirit enhancements, usually no more than a one or twofold enhancement. Any higher than that, and the chances of failure mounted.

眼看这两样法宝自身就蕴含三次炼灵，倒也省下了白小纯的三色火，而且也不用太去掩饰，可以在人前施展。
The fact that these two magical items had both received threefold enhancements meant that Bai Xiaochun wouldn’t have to waste any fuel on his own three-colored flame, and would also be able to freely use them in the public eye.

回到香云山，白小纯连忙去熟练金乌剑与神鹤盾，尤其是金乌剑，在白小纯的灵力融入下，顿时散发出强烈的高温。
After returning to Fragrant Cloud Peak, he immediately set to work familiarizing himself with the Golden Crow Sword and the Divine Crane Shield. As soon as he sent some spiritual power into them, they began to radiate intense heat.

“这才是宝贝！”
“Now these are some treasures!” he exclaimed.

白小纯深吸口气，掐诀向前一指，嗡鸣传出，金乌剑化作一道金光，瞬间远去，一路更有炙热扩散，使得四周出现一串扭曲波动。
Taking a deep breath, he performed an incantation gesture and pointed out. A thrumming sound filled the air as the Golden Crow Sword transformed into a golden beam of light that shot off, leaving behind a wake of burning heat that caused everything around it to ripple and distort.

白小纯再次掐诀，体内灵力大量的涌入，那金乌剑的光芒猛然间扩大数倍，竟隐隐幻化成一只金乌鸟。
With another incantation gesture, he sent more spiritual power pouring into the sword, whereupon the bright glow surrounding it expanded until the vague shape of a golden crow became visible.

此鸟样子模糊，虽只有轮廓，可在出现的瞬间，一股强烈的威压蓦然散开，使得四周的温度，一瞬间更高，且在这威压下，就连白小纯都觉得心神震动。
It was little more than an outline, but the instant it appeared, incredible pressure began to weigh down, and the temperature in the area increased rapidly. All of that caused Bai Xiaochun’s heart to thump excitedly.

他呼吸急促，直勾勾的望着金乌剑，眼中的光芒越来越亮，到了最后，高兴地大笑起来。
Panting, he stared at the Golden Crow Sword, eyes shining more and more brightly. Soon, he began to laugh in excitement.

“这把剑可比我的小木剑好太多了，有师傅真好啊。”
“This sword is way better than my little woode n sword! Wow, my Master is awesome!”

白小纯身体一晃，直接跃起，踏在了那只虚幻的金乌上。
With that, he dashed into motion, leaping up into the air and landing onto the back of the illusory golden crow.

这金乌鸟虽模糊，可白小纯踩在上面，竟如平地般，尤其是此剑依靠他自身灵力催发，使得他有种如自己身体一部分的感觉。
Although the golden crow was blurry and vague, its back was as flat and sturdy as a board, and when Bai Xiaochun sent some spiritual power into it, he felt almost as if he had become a part of it. After stepping onto the golden crow, he performed an incantation gesture and pointed out, which caused him to fly up into the air.

此刻踏着金乌，掐诀一指，立刻身体在这半空中呼啸而去，绕着香云山一大圈，速度飞快，在人群多的地方，他赶紧慢下来，昂首挺胸，引起下方阵阵惊呼后，白小纯这才得意的加快速度。
Then he soared in a big circle around Fragrant Cloud Peak, whizzing through the air above the crowds. When people looked up in surprise, he would slow down, hold his head high, and puff his chest out. When cries of astonishment began to ring out, he would finally increase his speed again.

“我白小纯，终于可以飞啦！”
“I, Bai Xiaochun, can finally fly!”

白小纯神采飞扬，兴奋的在心底大笑，离开万药阁，正要去其他山峰转一转时，突然的，他脚下的金乌突然黯淡，瞬间消失，金乌剑也骤然掉落，白小纯身体一个踉跄，吓的尖叫一声，身体摔下。
Spirits soaring, he laughed inwardly as his tour took him over the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion. However, it was only moments later, just as he was about to head toward one of the other mountain peaks, that the golden crow suddenly faded away, and the sword fell out of the sky. Bai Xiaochun screamed as he tumbled dow n along with it.

好在下方不是深渊，而是宗门小路，他自身速度又飞快，这才在落地后站稳，他看了眼一旁的香云山下，此地距离山底很高，若是掉了下去，他不知道自己的不死皮，能否真的让自己不被摔死 面色都苍白了一些。
Thankfully, what lay below wasn’t a bottomless pit, but rather, one of the small paths that ran through the sect. He landed at a run, and only managed to gain control after several steps. Then he looked over and realized how high up this path was, and that if he had fallen off, even his Undying Skin wouldn’t have saved him His face went pale.

“太危险了！”
“That was way too dangerous!” he thought, shivering.

白小纯身体哆嗦了一下，捡起金乌剑，感受到体内灵力消耗一空，知晓了方才跌落的原因。
With that, he picked up the Golden Crow Sword. Probing his inner spiritual power, he realized that he had been almost completely drained, which was why he had ended up falling.

御剑飞行，对于凝气修士而言，消耗太大，若是换了其他凝气七层的弟子，最多坚持十几个呼吸就不得不停下飞行，即便白小纯这里，体内灵力精炼很多，也坚持不到百息。
For a Qi Condensation cultivator, flying on a sword took a huge amount of energy. Most who were in the seventh level of Qi Condensation would only be able to last for a few breaths of time before they had to stop. Even Bai Xiaochun, with his unusually refined spiritual power, couldn’t even last a hundred breaths.

担心被摔死，白小纯不敢继续尝试，连忙四下瞅了瞅，想要看看是否有人察觉自己出糗的一幕，立刻发现在不远处，有一个大汉，此刻正呆呆的望着自己，张开了口，似被方才那一幕惊道。
Fearful of falling to his death, he didn't dare to test the sword out anymore. Looking around furtively for a moment to see if anyone had seen what just occurred, he caught sight of a burly man off in the distance, who was staring at him, his jaw hanging open. When Bai Xiaochun saw him, his eyes widened and he hurried over.

“呀，这不是狼师侄么。”
“Whoah, aren’t you Sect Nephew Wolf?”

白小纯一眼看到对方，立刻瞪起了眼，赶紧跑过去。 那大汉此刻也反应过来，一听狼师侄这三个字，身体哆嗦了一下，哭丧着脸赶紧抱拳。
When the burly man heard the words ‘Sect Nephew Wolf’, he immediately shivered. Grimacing, he clasped hands and said, “I'm disciple Liu Ergou.

“弟子刘二狗，拜见白师叔 我，我方才什么都没看到。”
Greetings, Sect Uncle Bai I, um, I didn’t see anything happen just now.”

这刘二狗，就是当初火灶房卖外门弟子名额时，那位自称狼爷的家伙。
Bai Xiaochun had encountered Liu Ergou when he was selling spots in the Outer Sect. Back then, the man had called himself Lord Wolf.

白小纯哼哼几声，又吓唬了一番，确定刘二狗不会将此事说出去后，拍了拍对方的肩膀，又许诺了一番好处，这才走远。
Bai Xiaochun humphed a few times, then proceeded to frighten Liu Ergou a bit more to ensure that he wouldn’t spread news of what had happened. Then he patted him on the shoulder, gave some promises to help him out in the future, and finally left.

刘二狗擦了下额头额汗，赶紧离开。
Liu Ergou wiped the sweat from his brow before hurrying off.

白小纯一路庆幸只有刘二狗看到了自己出糗，暗道这要是在万药阁，自己正出风头时掉了下来，那么一世英名就彻底毁了
As he walked along, Bai Xiaochun rejoiced that it was only Liu Ergou who had seen his slight mishap. If it had happened when he was flying around by the 10,000 M edicines Pavilion, his name would have been ruined forever

“唉，人啊，就是不能太出名，出名也是一种烦恼。”
“Ai. People. You really can’t become too famous. Then things just become difficult.”

白小纯感慨唏嘘，背着小手，回到了院子里。
Sighing to himself, he clasped his hands behind his back and strolled back to his courtyard residence.

踌躇一番，他目中露出果断。
After a bit of hesitation about what to do, his eyes flickered with determination.

“不行，还是要修炼，不然的话，飞不了多久还是小事，万一以后逃命时，没被敌人灭杀，反倒是自己摔死了，那才冤枉。”
“No, I have to focus on cultivation. Only being able to fly a little bit isn’t inherently bad, but what would happen if I was fleeing for my life? What if I escaped my enemies only to fall to my death? That would be really pointless.”

白小纯想到这里，又看了眼金乌剑与神鹤盾。
With that, he once again began to study the Golden Crow Sword and the Divine Crane Shield.

“而且为了以后考虑，还两件法宝还是掩饰一下为好，这样的话，别人只会认为这是我的嗜好，等日后我拿出其他炼灵的法宝时，也就不会关注太多。”
“Just to be safe, I should paint these two magical items as well. That way, people will think it’s just a hobby of mine. Then if I pull out other spirit enhanced magical items in the future, they won’t think too much of it.”

白小纯想了想，取出他一直有准备的那些花花绿绿的植物液体，涂抹在了金乌剑以及神鹤盾上。
After some more thought, he prepared some dye from brightly colored plants and proceeded to paint the Golden Crow Sword and the Divine Crane Shield.

盖住了那几道黯淡的灵纹，又挥舞了一下，神色满意。
After covering up the faint spirit designs, he tested out the two items one more time. Finally, he looked pleased.

“等以后我药道造诣高了，需自己炼制一些涂抹的灵液，这才更为把握。”
“One of these days when my skill in the Dao of medicine is high enough, I’ll enhance some plant-based dyeing materials, and then I can be completely confident.”

白小纯性格谨慎，即便是如今有了掌门师弟这个身份，虽横行四方，可心底却有一根线，不会过界。
Bai Xiaochun was an inherently cautious person. Although he had run amuck to some extent because of becoming the Junior Brother of the sect leader, he had a bottom line that he wouldn’t cross.

“可惜修为还是不够啊，那周心琪我上次观察，似乎到了凝气八层的样子，也只有修为提升，才可以更长时间的去驭剑飞行。”
“What a pity my cultivation base still isn’t high enough. The last time I was following Zhou Xinqi around, it seemed that she was already in the eighth level of Qi Condensation. The only way to be able to use a flying sword for any length of time is to have a higher cultivation base.”

白小纯有了决断，落陈家族的事件里，他深刻的体会到了修真界的残酷，也明白了逃命的速度快慢，是多么的关键。
Determination filled his heart. After the incident with the Luochen Clan, he had come to fully understand how brutal the cultivation world could be. He had also realized that the ability to flee at top speed was crucial when one’s life was on the line.

若那个时候他可以御剑飞行，即便是带着杜凌菲与侯云飞，落陈家族想要追上，也绝非易事。
If he had been able to fly on a sword back then, he would have been able to escape with Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei no matter what the Luochen Clan tried to do.

“还是要炼丹！”
“I need to concoct pills!” he thought, eyes gleaming.

白小纯目中露出坚定，以他如今的身份，虽草木方面，宗门不会无偿提供，可一些丹方，已经不需要花费什么贡献了，于是在之后的日子里，整个香云山都安静下来，很难再看到白小纯的身影。
Considering his current status, although he couldn't get free ingredients from the sect, there were certain pill formulas that he could get for only a few merit points. In the following days, Fragrant Cloud Peak became a quiet place, and Bai Xiaochun was rarely seen.

他弄到了大量的药方，又用从落陈家族族人那里收获的灵石与物品，在山下坊市换取了不少药草，去了炼药阁，开始了闭关炼药。
He acquired large amounts of medicine formulas, and also used the spirit stones and other items he had acquired from the Luochen Clan members to go to the market and purchase a variety of medicinal plants. Then he made his way to the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, where he went into seclusion to concoct medicine. Time flew by.

时间一晃，数月过去，距离白小纯归来，此刻已有了半年之久，这半年里，整个南岸经历了谈白色变，如今一下子安静了，还有不少人有些不太适应。
A few months later, it had been nearly half a year since Bai Xiaochun returned to the sect. At first, the sect had been thrown into an uproar because of him, but then things had suddenly gone very quiet. Many people found it hard to adapt.

同时，有关白小纯荣耀弟子的身份，也在这半年里，逐渐的扩散开来，从宗门中扩散到了整个东林洲。
At the same time, the fact that Bai Xiaochun had become a Prestige disciple gradually spread outside of the sect. Soon, people all over the Eastwood Continent came to hear of the matter.

东林洲内，有大量的修真家族，这些修真家族都与灵溪宗存在了千丝万缕的关联，如侯家，落陈家，都是其中之一。
Of course, there were countless cultivator clans in the Eastwood Continent, many of which were connected to the Spirit Stream Sect in various ways. The Luochen Clan had been only one among many such clans.

对于灵溪宗的弟子而言，耀荣弟子虽是极高的称呼，可实际上在心里认为，不如掌门师弟这个名头大。
To the disciples of the Spirit Stream Sect, although the title of Prestige disciple was to be looked up to, being the Junior Brother of the sect leader was even more impressive.

可对于那些修真家族来说，却是恰恰相反，他们重视荣耀弟子的程度，远远超出掌门师弟，可以说，一个掌门师弟，他们不在意，可一个荣耀弟子，却是让所有修真家族，彻底疯狂。
However, to the cultivator clans at large, it was exactly the oppos ite. They would respect a Prestige disciple far more than they would the Junior Brother of the sect leader. In fact, they almost didn't care at all about the sect leader’s Junior Brother.

他们在得知了白小纯是荣耀弟子后，一时之间大量的修真家族内的老祖，全部都激动起来，白小纯在他们看去，分明就是一座金山一样，那是活着的荣耀苗子。
In contrast, they would be driven to near madness by a Prestige disciple. After hearing the news that Bai Xiaochun had become a Prestige disciple, many patriarchs of the various cultivator clans got very excited. In their eyes, he was a virtual gold mine.

无论哪个修真家族，只要是与白小纯成为了亲家，等待白小纯的血脉后人出现，这个孩子的未来近乎无限，而且繁衍而出的家族，在灵溪宗的扶持下，也将辉煌。
A living Prestige scion! If they could bring Bai Xiaochun into their clan, then his descendants would have almost limitless possibilities for the future. As the number of such descendants grew, and considering that the clan would have the support of the Spirit Stream Sect, glory was guaranteed.

那么作为辅佐的修真家族，也会飞黄腾达，鱼跃龙门。
To vassal clans in the cultivation world, it would ensure a meteoric rise, like the fish who jumped the dragon gate.

要知道如今的灵溪宗，荣耀家族一共也才九个而已，这九个家族，甚至可以在某些方面左右宗门的一些决策，尽管不多，可也能体现重要的程度。
After all, the Spirit Stream Sect had only ever had nine Prestige clans. Those nine clans could often influence the decision-making process of the sect as a whole. Although such influence wasn’t necessarily very vast, it was still worthy of consideration.

属于是庞然大物，让其他修真家族，在忌惮中又羡慕到了极致，在这之前，他们无力去改变什么，也做不到去颠覆，只能让自己的族人拜入灵溪宗，为宗门立功，争取可以在有生之年，获得荣耀的身份。
Such a clan would form a part of an enormously powerful entity, and would be the subject of intense envy from other cultivator clans. In the past, most clans couldn’t influence anything. They could only offer allegiance to the Spirit Stream Sect and then perform various services with the hope of gaining Prestige status.

可如今 白小纯出现了。
But now Bai Xiaochun had appeared.

最美妙的，是他并非任何一个修真家族的族人，是从凡俗而来，且 他还没有道侣，这就是裸的第十个荣耀家族的招牌，让东林洲内所有修真家族，全部激动。
Most wonderful of all was that he wasn’t a member of any cultivator clan. He came from the mortal world, and he had no Daoist partner. He was a free ticket to becoming the tenth Prestige clan, and as such, all of the cultivator clans in the Eastwood C ontinent were thrown into a frenzy.

“去将我周家相貌最美的族女，都带着，随老夫去拜见白道友！”
“Find the prettiest maiden in the entire Zhou Clan. She’ll be coming with me to offer greetings to Fellow Daoist Bai!”

“菲儿，你是我赵家的明珠，这一次一定要讨好那白小纯，若能让他看中，那么我赵家危机，立刻就化解！”
“Fei’er, you’re the pearl of the Zhao Clan. You have to get on Bai Xiaochun’s good side. If he takes a liking to you, all of the problems of our clan will disappear!”

“我孙家女子虽并非出众，但我们有资源，给老夫准备一份厚厚的大礼，去拜见白道友！”
“Although the daughters of the Sun Clan aren’t particularly outstanding, we still qualify to compete. Prepare an amazing gift for me to give when I go offer greetings to Fellow Daoist Bai!”

大量的修真家族，全部运转起来，各有手段，甚至发动在宗门内的族人，去尝试接触白小纯，甚至北岸那边，也都动了起来，一时之间，整个东林洲内，白小纯的名字，传遍所有地方。
Countless cultivator clans sprang into action, using all sorts of methods, including calling upon their clan members who were already within the sect to try to get in touch with Bai Xiaochun. Even the north bank was affected. Soon, the name of Bai Xiaochun could be heard in all parts of the Eastwood

侯家，一样如此。
Continent. The Hou Clan was no exception.


The middle-aged patriarch of the Hou Clan summoned Hou Yunfei and Hou

“云飞，你与白小纯关系非同寻常，此事 你要帮助家族啊，你妹妹那里，我看她心中早就属意白小纯了，你找个机会撮合一下。”
Xiaomei, whereupon he expressed his sincere wishes “Yunfei, you have an unusually close relationship with Bai Xiaochun. You have to help out the clan in this matter. I can tell that your sister has taken a liking to Bai

侯家老祖，是一个中年男子，他特意将侯云飞与侯小妹召回，语重心长的开口。
Xiaochun. Find a good c hance to act as a matchmaker between them.”

侯小妹脸刷的一下红了，娇嗔一声，赶紧跑开。
Hou Xiaomei’s face reddened. Pouting coquettishly, she hurried off.

侯云飞心底有些发愁，硬着头皮点头答应。
Hou Yunfei was a bit worried, but he put on a bold face and in agreement.

数日后，渐渐的这些修真家族的人，陆续的到来，都聚集在了香云山上，白小纯的宅子外，还有一些消息灵通的，索性堵在了炼药阁的外面，眼巴巴的等待白小纯的出关。
A few days later, people from numerous cultivator clans began to show up, gathering on Fragrant Cloud Peak around Bai Xiaochun's residence. As news spread, some people even began to head toward the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, waiting anxiously for him to come out of seclusion.

第七十二章 师门有规
0071 chapter-72

几天后，白小纯所在的炼丹房内，一声轰鸣传出，白小纯愁眉苦脸的走了出来。
A few days later, a boom echoed out from Bai Xiaochun’s pill-concocting workstation. Moments later, he appeared, frowning and looking anxious.

“一阶丹药已都熟练的差不多，可二阶丹药，怎么这么难 ”白小纯哀声抬起，这段日子他除了修行就是炼药，口袋里的草木，耗费的差不多了，本打算尝试炼制二阶灵药，可却发现难度倍增，就算是他的心细入微，也都不断失败。
“Although I'm pretty familiar with tier-1 medicinal pills now,” he lamented, “ tier-2 pills are a lot harder” Other than cultivation, his time recently had mostly been spent on concocting medicines. In his attempt to produce some tier-2 spirit medicines, he’d already used up most of the plants and vegetation in his bag. Unfortunately, the degree of difficulty he was working with was vastly greater than before, and despite being meticulously careful, he had failed consistently.

每次都会发现大量的问题，攻克后，问题更多的出现。
Each time he found that he had used too many materials, he would make adjustments. And yet even then, new problems would arise.

此刻他唉声叹气，走出了炼药阁，抬头时，立刻看到炼药阁外，此刻竟有不少人盘膝坐在那里，这些人彼此三五成群，多的竟有十多人，且大都是面生的妙龄女子。
Sighing in despair, he walked out of the Medicine Concocting Pavilion and looked up to find a large host of people sitting there cross-legged. Most of them sat in groups of three to five, with a few groups of ten in sight. The majority were pretty young women, none of whom were familiar to Bai

环肥燕瘦，争奇斗艳，各种模样都有，莺莺燕燕的一群女子，在看到了白小纯后，立刻都美目一亮。
Xiaochun. They were all different shapes and sizes, but each one was beautiful in her own way. The lot of them were clearly vying with each other to be the most glamorous, and as soon as they saw Bai Xiaochun emerge, their eyes shone brightly.

她们身边都跟着长辈，这些长辈也都是在看到白小纯后，全部惊喜，连忙起身，一群人呼呼啦啦，直奔白小纯而来。
Most had older folks sitting next to them, who also seemed delighted to see Bai Xiaochun. In fact, they all rose to their feet and rushed over in a hubbub.

“停下，你们 要干嘛？” 白小纯目瞪口呆，有些摸不清状况，下意识的退后几步。
Taken aback, and a bit unsure of what was going on, Bai Xiaochun subconsciously stepped back a few paces. “Hey, hold on! What what are you people doing?”

“白道友，老夫赵天海，赵一多是我的侄子，哈哈，白道友少年英雄，果然是一表人才！”
“Fellow Daoist Bai, I'm Zhao Tianhai. Zhao Yiduo is my nephew! Hahaha! Fellow Daoist Bai, you truly are a young hero, a man of striking appearance and talent!”


“Fellow Daoist Bai!


What a dragon among men, heroic and extraordinary!

“白道友人中龙凤啊，英武非凡，一看就是云中鲲鹏，未来不可限量之辈，咳咳，老夫孙云山，这些都是我孙家的族女，道友身边可缺一些使唤的侍女？”
A single glance reveals that he’s like a roc soaring among the clouds, someone with unlimited potential. Ahem. I am Sun Yunshan, and these young women are all beauties from my clan. Fellow Daoist, if I'm not mistaken, you’re lacking in terms of maidservants, correct?”


“Fellow Daoist Bai, I am Zhou Tian.


A single glance at you, Fellow Daoist


Bai, and I can clearly sense your heroic spirit.

“白道友，老夫周天，我一看到白道友，就觉得英气扑面，如同看到了我东脉修真界的未来霸主，我们一见如故啊，你看我身边这些女子如何，她们每个人都是我周家的明珠瑰宝 ”
You are obviously the future overlord of the eastern cultivation world. We were destined to be friends at first sight. Look at these young women standing next to me. Every single one is a precious pearl of the Zhou Clan”

无数的声音，争先恐后的传出，白小纯睁大了眼，再次退后，好半晌才听明白了，这些人是来送族女的
A clamor of voices rang out, each one trying to speak first and loudest. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes went wide, and he retreated a few more steps. However, it only took a moment for him to realize that these people had come to offer their clan daughters to him

他不知原因所在，眼看这些女子一个个都颇为美丽，尤其是还有不少很符合白小纯的审美，此刻这么白白送给自己，似乎自己若不要，就不给他们面子的模样，让白小纯这里警惕起来。
He wasn’t sure exactly why it was happening, but upon looking the young women over, he could see that all of them were exceptionally beautiful. In fact, many of them could be counted as being his type. The way they were being offered up seemed to indicate that if he didn't accept, he would be refusing to give them face.

但他为人圆滑，此刻不露内心所想，脸上带着笑容，与一个个修真家族来临的负责之人，笑谈几句，赶紧抽身。
Instantly, Bai Xiaochun was on guard. Of course, he was adept at dealing with people, so he didn’t let any hint of that show on his face. A broad smile appeared, and after exchanging some meaningless pleasantries with the spokesmen from the various cultivator clans, he managed to extricate himself.

还没等他回到居所，这一路上，又遇到了不少显然是堵在他的去路之人，每一个都是差不多的言辞，送出族女，送出资源，送出无数好处。
However, before he could reach his residence, he ran into others who had stationed themselves along the way. All of them had similar words to speak with him, and offered him their clan daughters as well as other gifts and promises.

“出了什么大事！
“Something big must have happened, but what?” he thought.

莫非他们查出我祖上有什么了不得的仙人？
“Could it be that they found out one of my ancestors was an immortal?

难道说我白小纯不是寻常的凡俗，我 我白小纯竟然也是一个有天大来头之人？
Maybe I'm not from the mortal world after all. I'm I'm actually descended from some exalted, powerful individual?

天啊，这事我自己都不知道！”
Heavens! How could I not have been aware?”

白小纯渐渐心惊了，胡思乱想一路飞奔，回到了居所时，又被一群等待在这里的修真家族之人围住，一个个都露出渴望的眼神，似乎只要白小纯点头，什么都行！
Mind spinning, he hurried along until his residence came in view. However, it was surrounded by a crowd of individuals from various cultivator clans, all of whose eyes glistened with hope. It was as if the mere nod of Bai Xiaochun’s head would cause them to do a nything he wished!

尤其是那些女子，每一个都是这样，全部拥在白小纯身边，相互之间敌视，你推我一下，我堆你一把。
That was especially true of the young women. They all clustered around Bai Xiaochun, glaring antagonistically at each other, pushing and shoving each other back and forth.


The sight of it all caused Bai Xiaochun’s scalp to go numb.

看的白小纯头皮发麻，被簇拥在中间，四周无论怎么碰都是软绵绵的，甚至觉得自己衣服都在被拉扯，正心惊肉跳时，一声冷哼从远处传来，只见侯小妹，瞪着眼睛，鼓着脸颊，气呼呼的上前，一把撕开一个女子。
He was completely surrounded, and no matter which way he tried to move, he ran into something soft and warm. They even began to tug at his clothing, causing his heart to pound. Finally, a cold snort rang out, and Hou Xiaomei appeared. Glaring angrily, cheeks puffed, she stormed up to him, shoving the other young women aside.

“走开走开！”
“Get out of my way!

“你们干什么呢，这里是灵溪宗香云山，你们这些阿姨，还知不知道矜持，都走开，还有你，你都瘦的跟个扁豆似的，凑什么热闹，还有你，胖的跟个母猪一样，让开！”
What do you people think you’re doing? This is Fragrant Cloud Peak of the Spirit Stream Sect. Don’t you bunch of old coots know how to keep your cool?


Get out of my way, all of you.


Hey you!


Look at you!


You’re skinnier than a greenbean!


What are you shoving people around for?


And you!


You’re fatter than a dairy cow!

侯小妹声音带着气愤，上前将所有环绕在白小纯身边的女子都推开。
Get the hell out of my way!” Hou Xiaomei sounded genuinely furious as she pushed aside all of the young women crowding around Bai Xiaochun.

她气鼓鼓的，明明小巧，可似乎有无穷的力气，在这摩擦中，那些女子立刻不干了，纷纷开口，侯小妹双手掐腰，一副小辣椒的样子，言辞尖酸，处处攻击要害之处。
She was small and delicate, but she was fuming, and seemed to be filled with boundless strength. Facing such oppos ition, the other young women immediately surrendered and opened a path, crying out in confusion. Hou Xiaomei stormed forward with her hands on her hips, looking like a chili pepper, the words she uttered incisive and damaging.

白小纯趁机赶紧逃回院子里，低头时，骇然的发现，自己的衣服居然都松了。
Bai Xiaochun took advantage of the moment to hurry into the courtyard. Once inside, he looked down to find that his garments had been tugged at so much that they were about to fall off.

“太可怕了！”
“Absolutely terrifying!” he thought, gasping.

白小纯倒吸口气，心有余悸的抬头看向门外时，侯小妹站在门口，舌战群娇，一个人对抗数十人。
Heart pounding with residual fear, he looked back out through the main gate and saw Hou Xiaomei standing there verbally sparring with the other young women, standing alone against a crowd of dozens.

到了最后，那些修真家族的负责之人实在看不下去了，一个个劝说中离开，临走时还向白小纯抱拳，说改日再来拜访。
Eventually, the responsible members of the cultivator clans couldn’t stand idly by. They finally intervened and suggested to the young women that they leave. Clasping hands respectfully in Bai Xiaochun’s direction, they promised to come back to visit at a later date.

直至黄昏，门外才安静下来，可远远看去，还有不少修真家族的来人，在远处直接盘膝打坐，守在那里。
Soon, it was evening. It was quiet outside of Bai Xiaochun’s gate, but off in the distance, people from various cultivator clans were sitting cross-legged in meditation, seemingly guarding the area.

能来到此地的修真家族，都有各自的手段方式，可以留在此地，不会有人来驱赶。
All of these people had used various means and methods to come from afar, and also had ways to keep themselves from being driven away.

白小纯觉得一定是出了大事，眼看外门安静了，一把将侯小妹拉了进来。
Bai Xiaochun was sure that something momentous had occurred. Looking at the quiet scene outside, he eventually dragged Hou Xiaomei into the courtyard.

侯小妹对外人，那是泼辣无比，可此刻被白小纯这么一拉手臂，立刻脸都红了，只觉得小脑袋晕乎乎的，无比乖巧的顺着白小纯的意，被拉到了身边。
To outsiders, Hou Xiaomei was as fiery as a hot pepper, but as soon as Bai Xiaochun’s hand made contact with her, her face turned bright red, and she felt dizzy. Her tiny frame almost went limp as Bai Xiaochun dragged her inside.

“小 小纯哥哥，这里人多，你要干嘛 ”侯小妹低声，如蚊子一样软绵绵的轻语。
When she spoke, her voice was as soft as the drone of a mosquito. “Big big bro Xiaochun, there are so many people around, what are you planning to do to me?”

“啊？”
“Huh?”

白小纯一愣，看到侯小妹这么一副样子，顿时诧异，拍了一下侯小妹的脸蛋，看侯小妹还是不正常，于是又拍了一下。
Bai Xiaochun said, staring in shock. Seeing Hou Xiaomei’s odd countenance, he could tell that something was wrong with her, and quickly slapped her cheek. When she didn't seem to recover, he slapped her again. Hou Xiaomei immediately regained her senses.

“你怎么了？”
"What’s wrong with you?” she snapped, stamping her foot.

侯小妹惊醒，顿时羞的一跺脚，知道自己方才误会了，扔给白小纯一枚玉简，低着头赶紧跑了出去。
However, realizing she had been the one in the wrong, she tossed a jade slip to him, and then turned heel and fled.

眼看侯小妹跑了，白小纯有些摸不清头脑，看了眼侯小妹留下的玉简，他灵力扫过后，猛地睁大了眼，又仔细的去看了看，半晌之后，他站在院子里，倒吸口气。
As he watched Hou Xiaomei flee into the distance, Bai Xiaochun stood there wondering what was going on. Finally, he looked down at the jade slip and scanned it with spiritual power. As he did, his eyes went wide. After scanning it again, he stood t here in the courtyard, breathing heavily.

“荣耀家族 ”
“Prestige clan”

这玉简是侯云飞让侯小妹送来的，有些话，他实在不知怎么开口，于是把关于白小纯荣耀弟子这个身份对于修真家族的诱。
The jade slip had been sent to Bai Xiaochun by Hou Yunfei, with Hou Xiaomei being the messenger. The words contained within were the type that almost couldn’t be uttered aloud.

惑，前因后果，完全道出，最后隐晦的提了一下，他们侯家，也对白小纯的血脉后人，有极大的渴求，希望 这个后人，能具备一半侯家的血脉。
They explained why all of the cultivator clans were so interested in Bai Xiaochun’s status as a Prestige disciple, and what had occurred as a result. They also explained that the Hou Clan held an intense hope that Bai Xiaochun’s descendants would also have the blood of the Hou Clan running in their veins.

白小纯想起方才侯小妹的模样，于是摸了摸白白的下巴，眼睛慢慢露出光芒，他的注意力没在侯小妹那里，而是想到了此事对自己而言，是天大的好事！
Then Bai Xiaochun thought about how Hou Xiaomei had been acting just now, and he rubbed his chin thoughtfully. Eyes sparkling, he thought, not about Hou Xiaomei, but about his own words from moments ago. Something momentous had occurred!

“没想到啊 我本以为这一次的功劳，赏赐都是没用的，唯有掌门师弟的身份，让我在宗门内傲视群雄，没想到这没被在意的荣耀弟子的身份，居然在宗门外，如此至高无上！”
“How could I have imagined? And here I thought the reward for my meritorious service was basically useless. I thought that being the Junior Brother of the sect leader would make me a big hero in the sect, but I never thought that being a Prestige disciple would make me so important on the outside!”

白小纯舔着嘴唇，心脏砰砰跳动。
He licked his lips, and soon, his heart began to beat faster.

“道侣随意挑选，资源全部奉送 长生有望啊！”
“I could pick any Daoist partner I wanted! All of their clan resources would be at my disposal Finally, I have some real hope to live forever!”

白小纯嘿嘿笑了，双眼光芒更亮，他本就在发愁炼制二阶灵药消耗太大，自己无力支撑下去，眼下就有这么多人抢着上来要人送人，要物送物。
Chuckling mischievously, his eyes began to shine. Previously, he had been worried about how to keep up his efforts to concoct tier-2 spirit medicine. But now, people were essentially fighting over the chance to give him gifts.

“可惜啊，要是全部都能要就好了 ”白小纯喃喃低语时，忽然脑海灵光一闪。
“What a pity I can’t accept them all” he murmured. But then, he was struck with inspiration.

“对啊，为什么不能全要呢！”
“Wait a second! Why can’t I accept them all?”

白小纯干咳一声，回到屋舍内，这一夜没休息，都在思索此事，到了第二天清晨，他精神抖擞的赶紧起床，推开院子的大门时，门外早已有修真家族的人在等待。
Clearing his throat, he entered his cabin to rest for the evening, thinking the whole time about what to do next. The following morning at dawn, he leapt out of bed, trembling with excitement. After pushing open the gate of the courtyard, he found a whole host of people from various cultivator clans waiting for him.

“白道友 ”
“Fellow Daoist Bai”

“拜见白道友，在下奉家族老祖之名前来拜访 ”
“Greetings, Fellow Daoist Bai. Your humble servant has come upon the request of our clan patriarch to offer formal greetings”

众人开口，声音无数，白小纯抬起下巴，小袖一甩。
Everyone started talking at once, filling the air with a cacophony of sound. Bai Xiaochun stuck his chin up and flicked his sleeve.


“Alright, enough is enough,” he said, smiling so widely that his eyes became slits.

“好了，一家家进来，有什么事情，咱们可以谈谈嘛。”
“Everyone come close. Whatever requests you have, we can talk them all out.”

白小纯笑眯眯的开口，随意点了一家，立刻那修真家族的负责人惊喜，带着身边的族女，赶紧进来。
With that, he randomly in the direction of one of the clans. The responsible member of the clan rushed forward in delight, dragging a few young women with him.

不多时，他带着那些族女走了，临走时神色有些患得患失，看的四周其他修真家族，都很担心，于是一个个立刻传信家族。
The women approached, looking a bit nervous. As for all of the other observing clans, they also seemed nervous, although for different reasons, they quickly began to transmit messages back home.

就这样，又一户进去，慢慢的，一家一家，直至一整天过去后，白小纯一口气见了数十个修真家族。
Things went on like that for the next clan, and then the next. One by one, all day. Bai Xiaochun met with dozens of them.

一个族女他都没要，也没有拒绝任何一家，都是说自己要考虑，此事太大，他还要三思，那些所谓的见面礼，他也连连拒绝。
He didn’t choose any of the clan daughters, and yet, neither did he refuse anyone. He merely told them that he needed some time to think, and that the matter was too weighty to decide on a whim. As for all of the ‘introductory gifts,’ he didn’t refuse a single one.

“我白小纯行得正，坐得直，既然没有决定是否与贵家族联姻，那么这礼物，实在不好收的。”
“I, Bai Xiaochun, always handle all matters in a just and fair manner. Considering that I haven’t yet chosen which honorable clan to ally with in marriage, I truly am unable to accept your gifts.”

白小纯对每一个拜访的家族，都是如此开口。
Those were the words he would speak to each and every clan.

他越是这么说，就越是没有哪个修真家族会愚蠢到真的拿走见面礼，于是一个个都客气起来，直至说出就算做不成亲家，也是朋友的话语后，白小纯这才勉为其难的收下。
Of course, the more he spoke in such a way, the more the cultivator clans insisted that he accept their gifts. In fact, they grew even more polite. Many of them went on to say that even if no marriage resulted, they still wished to be good f riends. Only then did Bai Xiaochun reluctantly accept the gifts.

这些修真家族，并非蠢人，也看出了白小纯所说的思考，实际上是为了等待所有家都看过后再去选择一个最适合的。
Although they might be fools, the people from these cultivator clans weren’t stupid. They knew that when Bai Xiaochun said he needed to think about the matter, he was most likely just waiting to see which clan would make the best offer. That, of course, was within the purvey of expectation.

不过此事本就在预料之内，他们不怕送礼，怕的是白小纯没有这个心思选择道侣，所以第二天时，来人不但没少，反而更多，甚至有不少修真家族，都提出自身家族的族女，不一定非要做道侣，哪怕做个暖床的侍女之一也可以。
Furthermore, all of them feared that if they didn’t offer their gifts, Bai Xiaochun wouldn’t even consider their clan daughter to be his Daoist partner. The result was that the next day, the crowds hadn’t thinned at all, and in fact, had grown more numerous. Furthermore, some of the cultivator clans even went so far as to say that even if their clan daughter couldn’t become Bai Xiaochun’s Daoist partner, they were still willing for her to be a maidservant to warm his bed at night.

只要有了血脉，让白小纯这里承认就行。
As long as she could pass on his bloodline, and he acknowledged them formally, that would be sufficient.

而这些前来拜访白小纯的修真家族，一个个也都攀比的送出见面礼，那一份份见面礼，收的白小纯心惊胆颤，到了最后，就算是他想要拒绝，对方都认为是他瞧不起自己的家族。
All of the visiting clans continued to offer more and more gifts. In fact, it got to the point where Bai Xiaochun was getting a bit nervous. Eventually, he truly wanted to refuse, and yet wasn’t able to.

“好吧，我收 收还不行么。”
“Fine, I guess I’ll accept Not accepting isn’t really an option, huh?”

白小纯一连收了七八天，自己也都习惯了每天清晨一开门，就会看到一群人等待那里的画面。
For seven or eight days in a row, he continued to receive the clans and accept their gifts. Every morning at dawn, he would walk out to find a whole host of people waiting for him.

直至又过去了三天，当清晨时，白小纯开门的一刻，他自己都愣了，门外一个人都没了 干干净净，抬头远望，依旧如此。
Three more days passed. When dawn broke, Bai Xiaochun pushed open the main gate, whereupon his jaw dropped. Shockingly not a single person could be seen. Everything was peaceful and quiet, as far as the eye could see, the area was empty.

只有远处，有几只五彩凤鸟，在那里优雅的飞过，这些凤鸟是周长老心爱的宠物，平日里总是在香云山环绕，尤其是清晨时，会成群的飞舞，很是漂亮，不少弟子看到后，也都羡慕。
The only things he could see were some five-colored phoenixes, flying gracefully high above . The phoenixes were the beloved pets of Elder Zhou, and often soared above Fragrant Cloud Peak around dawn. They would usually fly together in a flock, and were especially beautiful. Many disciples were jealous of them.

白小纯揉了揉眼睛，觉得应该是自己开门的方式不对，于是又开了一下，还是如此，他这才惊醒过来。
Bai Xiaochun rubbed his eyes and looked around. Thinking that perhaps he had opened the gate incorrectly, he went back in, closed it, and then tried again. However, the result was the same.

“怎么回事？”
“What’s going on?” he thought, shocked.

白小纯诧异，连忙走出，找到了侯云飞去打听，得到了答案。
He quickly went off to find Hou Yunfei to ask for an explanation. Hou Yunfei sighed and looked at Bai Xiaochun.

“掌门昨夜传下法旨，他以你师兄的身份，通告所有修真家族 说师门有规定，百年内，不得选择道侣，所以 大家无奈，也只能都走了。”
“Last night, the sect leader issued a Dharmic decree. As your Elder Brother, he notified the cultivator clans that according to sect rules, you can’t accept a Daoist partner within the next hundred years. Therefore everyone had no choice but to leave.”

侯云飞叹了口气，看着白小纯。 白小纯愣了，心中很是委屈。
Bai Xiaochun’s jaw dropped.

“这是断我财路，毁我姻缘啊 ”
Feeling very wronged, he said, “No more income N o more marriage”

侯云飞哭笑不得，随后似想起了什么，神色忽然凝重，缓缓开口。
Hou Yunfei wasn’t sure whether to laugh or cry. A moment later, though, he thought of something, and said, “Xiaochun, a friend of mine from Green Crest

“小纯，我听青峰山的朋友说，你与上官天佑发生了一些矛盾？
Peak told me that you and Shangguan Tianyou have a beef with each other. Is that right?

钱大金此人没关系，宗门也都默认了处理，可上官天佑不简单！”
Well, just be aware that Qian Dajin isn’t important at all. However you choose to deal with him, the sect will tacitly agree. But things aren’t so simple when it comes to Shangguan Tianyou!”

“有什么不简单的？
“What do you mean ‘not so simple?’”


Bai Xiaochun asked.

他比我辈大？”
“Is he more important than me or something?”


Having been a member of the Spirit Stream

白小纯如今在灵溪宗已多年，他早就明白了宗门对弟子的培养方式，那是大的方向，严禁出现自相残杀，鼓励相互帮助，也鼓励相互竞争，有门规作为总纲管理，各峰长老，掌座协助管理，更有执法堂威慑，掌门总控全局。
Sect for so many years, Bai Xiaochun was well aware of how the sect tried to train its disciples. They pushed them toward greatness, prohibited deadly conflicts, and encouraged both coope ration and competition. Sect rules governed basic behavior. The elders of the various mountain peaks, as well as the Peak Lords themselves, provided assistance and training.


And the Hall of Justice was a looming threat to deter bad behavior.


The sect essentially had all aspects under control.

而小的地方，灵溪宗南北加在一起，几十万人，自然无法做到细微，弟子之间打斗摩擦，甚至还有不少歪歪心思，根本就管不过来，但赏罚分明，要有谁出格，责罚极严！
Of course, considering that between the north and south banks the Spirit Stream Sect had several hundred thousand disciples, it was obviously impossible to micromanage everything. Disciples would have conflicts and fights, and certain improper attitudes were impossible to control. However, the rewards and punishments in place were clear, and anyone who violated them would be strictly dealt with!

白小纯为宗门立下大功，还有草木的造诣以及战力的强悍，这些宗门自然知道，也很重视，可却不会天天跟在他身边，如仆人一样去照顾，甚至有人去讥讽他，有人去挑衅他，都立刻跳出来阻止 任何一个弟子，都没有这样的待遇，上官天佑也好，白小纯也罢，都是如此。
Bai Xiaochun had performed an incredible service for the sect, possessed profound skill with plants and vegetation, and could unleash extraordinary battle prowess. The sect was naturally aware of that, and valued him greatly. Of course, they didn’t cater to his every whim like a servant. If people insulted or provok ed him, they wouldn’t leap out to protect him No disciple enjoyed such treatment, neither Shangguan Tianyou nor Bai

所以白小纯觉得那没见过的上官天佑，虽极为狂妄，且天骄之名颇大，甚至如今身为外门弟子，居然有内门弟子甘愿称其为少主，可他还是没去理会。
Xiaochun. Because of that, Bai Xiaochun was of the belief that Shangguan Tianyou, an arrogant, famous Chosen who other Outer Sect disciple went so far as to call Young Lord, was still not worthy of his own attention.

侯云飞沉吟了一下，继续开口。
After a moment of thought, Hou Yunfei responded, eyes shining as he told Bai

“上官天佑此人志气远大，目标是有朝一日进入传说中的传承序列，所以始终压制修为不去突破，要等特定在内门外门之间，凝气八层的南北大比天骄试炼时，以第一的身份进入内门，使得日后传承序列有望，否则的话，他早就能去进行凝气八层就可以申请的晋升内门的试炼了，毕竟到了凝气八层，大都可以成功完成试炼，成为内门弟子。”
Xiaochun everything he knew “Shangguan Tianyou has great ambitions. He hopes that one day he will be able to enter the legendary Legacy Echelon. As such, he has continuously kept his cultivation base suppressed, keeping him between the Outer and Inner Sects. When the next trial by fire for Chosen from the north and south banks comes, he wants to take first place, and enter the Inner Sect at the top.


That will earn him the chance to enter the Legacy


Echelon.

“怎么都要成为传承序列？
Were it not for that, he would have long since applied for an ordinary trial by fire to enter the Inner Sect. After all, anyone who reaches the eighth level of Qi Condensation may do s o.” Shocked, Bai Xiaochun asked, “How come everyone wants to get into the Legacy Echelon?

我听许宝财说，周心琪，吕天磊，也有这样的追求。”
Xu Baocai told me that Zhou Xinqi, Lu Tianlei, and everyone else wants to.”

白小纯一怔。
“Members of the Legacy Echelon have a similar status to Prestige disciples. However, it's a different branch within the Spirit Stream Sect. You see, the

“传承序列，与你的荣耀弟子虽平级，可却是我灵溪宗另一套体系，灵溪宗与其他宗门不一样，有两套体系，一套管理守宗，一套则是时刻为提高宗门地位而不断积累努力！
Spirit Stream Sect is different from other sects. We have two branches, one of which focuses on protecting the sect, and one of which focuses on increasing its glory and power! “Everyone from the servants to the disciples in the third level of Qi Condensation are lumped together in one lower group.

凝气三层以下是杂役，凝气八层以下是外门，到了凝气八层可以去申请内门试炼，成功后晋升内门弟子。
Those from the fourth to the eighth level of Qi Condensation constitute the Outer Sect. At the eighth level, you can apply for a trial by fire to enter the Inner Sect.

若能筑基 则可成为筑基长老，甚至有希望成为各峰掌座，若两甲子后能突破成为金丹强者，就是宗门的太上长老，守护宗门，管理宗门，而这些，都是第一套体系。
“If you can reach Foundation Establishment then you can become a Foundation Establishment elder, and maybe even a Peak Lord. After two sixty-year-cycles pass, if you break through to the Gold Core level, then you can become a Prime Elder, responsible for protecting and managing the sect.

还有第二套体系，就是传承序列！
That is the first branch. “The second branch is the Legacy Echelon!

进入传承序列的方法，只有一个 两甲子内突破成为金丹，就可列其中，从此超然，成为宗门为突破自身在修真界的地位，获得更庞大的资源而积累的 真正底蕴！
“There is only one way to get in, and that is to break through to the Gold Core level before two sixty-year-cycles pass. From then on, you will become a tool to ensure that our sect earns an even greater position in the cultivation world, that it acquires even more powerful resources and wealth! Anyone who takes first place in the Chosen battles will be in line to enter the Legacy

只是两甲子成为金丹，太难太难 上一代人中，最有希望的，就是李青候李掌座，所以他老人家，被宗门极为重视！”
Echelon. I'm not really sure about the exact details, but I do know that there are rules about the whole thing! “The only thing is, reaching the Gold Core level before two sixty-year-cycles pass is very, very difficult Of the members of the previous generation, the only person who has even come close is Peak Lord Li Qinghou. That's why the sect favors him so much!”

侯云飞目中露出期待，将他身为修真家族族人所知道的消息，告诉了白小纯。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath.

白小纯倒吸口气，这还是他首次听说传承序列，这番话也让他对宗门，有了清晰的了解，半晌后离开时，他还在想这个问题。
This was his first time hearing an explanation of the Legacy Echelon, which also gave him a much clearer understanding of the sect itself. Soon, he left, and as he made his way off, he continued to pon der the matter.

“传承序列？”
“Legacy Echelon?”

第七十三章 是谁干的！
0072 chapter-73

白小纯感慨的离开了侯云飞的居所，回到了自己的院子，他看着天空，看着大地，先想了想传承序列，随后又想起那些修真家族，觉得掌门师兄太霸道了，可转念一思索 似乎这样一来，自己虽然无法继续收礼，可收到的那些，也就不用退了。
Sighing, Bai Xiaochun left Hou Yunfei’s residence and returned to his own courtyard. He looked up at the sky, then around at the surrounding scenery, and thought about the cultivator clans. In his opinion, his Elder Brother Sect Leader had acted a bit domineering, and yet even though it was now impossible to collect any more gifts, at least there was no need to return the ones he had already taken.

“对啊，这不怨我呀，是掌门师兄的法旨！”
“Yeah! It’s not my fault! It's the fault of Elder Brother Sect Leader’s Dharmic decree!”

白小纯想到这里，觉得安慰了一些，整理了自己这些日子收到的礼品，下山换取了炼制二阶灵药所需的大量药草，回到了炼药阁，开始继续修行与炼药。
Having reached this point in his train of thought, Bai Xiaochun felt a bit better. After organizing all of the gifts, he went down to the market to buy a large quantity of medicinal plant ingredients for tier-2 spirit medicines. Then, he returned to the Medicine Concocting Pavilion to continue his cultivation and concocting work.

实际上，有关白小纯与那些修真家族之间的事，原本郑远东是不想出面的，可他是真的被震撼到了，白小纯前面的九个荣耀弟子，都是被追封的，的确都已战死，也都是修真家族的族人，即便没有子嗣留下，也有同族至亲存在，所以没有出现如今的问题，都顺理成章的，成为了荣耀家族。
The truth was that originally, Zheng Yuandong didn’t want to get involved in the matter with Bai Xiaochun and the cultivator clans. However, the events had unfolded in shocking fashion. The previous nine Prestige disciples had all been conferred their titles posthumously, after being killed in battle. Furthermore, all of them had been members of various other cultivator clans.


Although none of them had ever had any direct descendants, they all had relatives among their various clans.


Because of that, no problems had ever arisen, and their clans had smoothly transitioned into being Prestige clans.

而宗门对于这样的家族，也会全力庇护，重点栽培。
Of course, the sect highly valued and also protected such clans.

可如今，白小纯是活着的荣耀弟子，这种身份的可怕性，在刚开始还没有体现，可随着时间流逝，半年的扩散后，包括郑远东在内的很多人，都忽略了一个活着的荣耀苗子，对于那些修真家族强烈的诱。
But now, Bai Xiaochun was a living Prestige disciple, a terrifying status to say the least. At first, it hadn’t been obvious, and time had simply passed by. Zheng Yuandong and many others never thought much about what it meant to have a living Prestige scion in their midst, and how enticing such a person would be to the cultivator clans. But then, the cultivator clans began to show up in great numbers.

惑。
At first,

当无数修真家族到来时，郑远东也只是观望，在他看来，白小纯选择任何一家，都是可以的，只是他没想到，那些修真家族在僧多粥只有一口的情况下，居然甘愿让族女做侍女，要的只是一个血脉后人。
Zheng Yuandong had merely observed the goings-on. As far as he was concerned, it didn't really matter which clan Bai Xiaochun picked. How could he have ever imagined that with all the competition, the clans would have gone to the lengths of offering their clan daughters as handmaidens, just to acquire someone with Bai Xiaochun’s bloodline?

他可以想象，一旦白小纯定力不够同意了，那么 用不了多少年，说不定会有数十上百个白小纯的血脉后人出现，按照宗门的门规，荣耀弟子的第一代后人，他们全部都是内门弟子，且每一个人宗门都要大力去培养，且 连带着，这数十上百人不断地开枝散叶，将出现数十上百个耀荣家族，怕是几百年后，灵溪宗都是白家的了 那后果太严重了。
Zheng Yuandong could only imagine what would happen if Bai Xiaochun gave in to the temptation. If that happened it wouldn’t be long before he could sire hundreds of descendants. According to the clan rules, all first generation descendants of a Prestige disciple were automatically allowed to enter the Inner Sect, and would receive special treatment and training. Furthermore after those descendants began to propagate, there would be hundreds of branches of the Prestige clan.


Within a few hundred years, the entire Spirit Stream Sect would be filled with the Bai Clan The final results would be grave indeed.

且 白小纯还活着啊，他只要是不断地让自己的下一代出现，那么就永远不会结束这场对宗门而言的噩梦。
In addition to all that as long as Bai Xiaochun remained alive, all he had to do was continue to sire offspring, and the matter would never end. He would become a living nightmare for the sect.

为了此事，郑远东连夜召开长老会，甚至上禀了太上长老，众人一致决定，白小纯百年内，不得有任何道侣，此事虽然霸道，可郑远东也没办法，他不敢去赌白小纯的定力，只期待百年后白小纯长大了，会成熟起来。
Because of such considerations, Zheng Yuandong held an emergency meeting with the sect elders, including the prime elders. Their joint decision was that Bai Xiaochun could not accept a Daoist partner for a hundred years. Although it was a bit overbearing, Zheng Yuandong felt that there was no other option.


He didn’t want to bet everything on Bai Xiaochun’s ability to resist temptation.


He could only hope that after a hundred years, Bai


Xiaochun would grow up and be a bit more mature.

时光一晃，一年过去。
Time passed. Soon, a year had gone by.

这一年来，白小纯在南岸近乎失踪一样，很少有人再看到他，他的全部时间，都放在了炼药与修行上，在那炼药阁内，发狠了炼制二阶灵药。
During that time, it was almost as if Bai Xiaochun had gone missing from the south bank. Few people ever saw him. He spent all of his time concocting medicine and practicing cultivation. He rarely left the Medicine Concocting

修为也在这不知不觉下，慢慢提升了一些，到了凝气七层的中段，而在他的如此刻苦努力下，二阶灵药在炼制上的一个又一个问题，渐渐被他一一解决。
Pavilion, where he worked hard at producing tier-2 spirit medicine. His cultivation base had also slowly made progress. Soon, he was in the middle of the seventh level of Qi Condensation. Furthermore, he resolved one problem after another when it came to concocting tier-2 spirit medicine.

实际上他的炼药，换了其他药徒，早就自认为可以炼制二阶了，可他这里，有种近乎偏执的执着，不解决所有问题，绝不开下一炉。
The truth was that most other journeyman apothecaries at his level would have long since concocted tier-2 medicines. But Bai Xiaochun was stubborn, and refused to start concocting another batch without first resolving each and every problem he found in the previous batch.

终于，在一年后的这一天，他觉得自己除了不同的二阶丹药有不同的需要临时解决的问题外，在二阶灵药的基础上，已经再没有任何问题后，终于又开了一炉。
Eventually, after an entire year, he was finally convinced that he had resolved all of the issues regarding the concoction of tier-2 spirit medicine. With all the problems gone, he began yet another batch.

“紫气升灵丹！”
“Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills!” he exclaimed, eyes bloods hot.

白小纯目中带着血丝，这二阶丹药适合凝气八层以下，正是他如今所需要的，此刻取出一样样草木物品，熟练的整理中，不断地扔到丹炉内。
They were a tier-2 medicinal pill suitable for the eighth level of Qi Condensation and under. Following the recipe precisely, he selected numerous types of plants and vegetation, organized them carefully, and then began to feed them into the pill furnace.

一边控制地火，一边观察丹炉，不时送出灵气，直至三个时辰后，整个丹炉猛地震动，一股药香瞬间扩散，白小纯眼睛一亮，连忙起身走到丹炉旁，一拍丹炉，顿时三枚红色的丹药，瞬间飞出。
After carefully adjusting the earthflame, he kept a close eye on the pill furnace, occasionally adjusting the spiritual energy he fed inside. After six hours passed, the pill furnace suddenly began to shake. A strong medicinal aroma wafted out, and Bai Xiaochun’s eyes began to shine brightly. Leaning toward the pill furnace, he slapped it on the side, whereupon three red medicinal pills flew out.

“成了！”
“It worked!” he exclaimed excitedly.

白小纯振奋，一把抓住这三枚丹药，看去时却怔了一下，轻咦一声，又仔细的观察一番。
Grabbing the three pills, he looked them over. But then, his eyes went wide. “Eee? Hold on a second.

“不对啊，紫气升灵丹，按照药方的描述，应该是紫色啊，怎么我炼出的，是红色？”
Something’s not right. According to the description, Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills are suppos ed to be violet. How come these ones are red?”

白小纯挠了挠头，拿到鼻前闻了一下，药香很浓，灵气蕴含，隐隐有一丝怪味，且颜色不对，他不敢尝试吞下。
After scratching his head for a moment, he lifted the pills up to his nose and inhaled deeply. The medicinal aroma was strong, and contained plenty of spiritual energy. However, the smell was somewhat odd, a nd considering that they were the incorrect color, he didn’t dare to consume them.

沉吟中，白小纯仔细的回想之前炼制的过程，直至一个时辰后，他猛地睁开眼，苦笑起来。
Sitting there thoughtfully, he thought back to all of the various steps he had taken during the concocting process. Two hours later, his eyes snapped open, and he laughed bitterly.

“是放入多瑙花的时候，那株多瑙花的花粉，多了一些，沾染到了其他草药上，形成了一些奇异的变化。”
“I put in a bit too much superagate flower pollen. That tainted the rest of the medicinal plant ingredients, producing this strange side-effect.”

白小纯把三枚红色的丹药放在一旁，再次炼制。
With that, he placed the three red medicinal pills off to the side, and once again began to concoct.

这一次，随着丹炉震动，药香出现，一枚紫色的丹药飞出，白小纯仔细的辨认后，神色露出满意。
This time, when the pill furnace began to shake, and the medicinal aroma spread out, a single violet medicinal pill flew out. After examining it closely, an expression of deep satisfaction appeared on Bai Xiaochun’s face. He quickly began another batch. In the following days, he continued to produce more batches, until he had a few dozen Violet Qi Spirit Ascension

于是再次开炉，一连炼制了数日，一共炼出了十几粒紫气升灵丹，这才疲惫的坐在一旁，休息时，他又取出那三枚红色的紫气升灵丹，目中有些迟疑，觉得扔了可惜，毕竟每一枚紫气升灵丹，价值都不菲，他如今草木也都耗费的差不多了。
Pills. That having been accomplished, he sat down off to the side, exhausted. After some rest, he produced the red pills and looked at them with some hesitation. As far as he was concerned, each and every one of the pills he had just concocted was very valuable, and furthermore, when it came to ingredients, he was already starting to run short.

“按照炼药的说法，只要成丹，就算是灵药，这三枚红色的紫气升灵丹，因多瑙花粉多了一些，颜色改变，不知功效如何。”
“According to the concocting instructions, as long as the pill is formed, it counts as a success. These red Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills have a bit too much superagate flower pollen, which caused their color to change. However, all that means is that they will have lost some effectiveness.”

白小纯迟疑，左手一拍储物袋，立刻手中出现了一根针。
After a moment of hesitation, he slapped his bag of holding to produce a green bamboo n eedle.

此针青色，是一根竹针。 这是白小纯从宗门换来的炼药需具备之物，可以简单的判断灵药是否有害人的毒素，他将竹针慢慢刺入红色的丹药内，半晌后取出时，竹针如常，没有发黑。
It was an item he had acquired from the sect for use in medicine concocting, which could be used to make a general assessment of whether any given medicinal pill was toxic or not. After carefully inserting the needle into one of the red medicinal pills, he waited for a moment, then pulled it back out. The bamboo needle looked exactly the same as before, as oppos ed to being black.

“没毒！”
“Not toxic!” he said with a sigh of relief.

白小纯松了口气，可还是谨慎的没有服用，拿着丹药，离开了炼药阁，此刻外面是清晨，他走在宗门的小路。
However, out of caution, he still chose not to consume any of the red pills. Instead, he held them in hand as he left the Medicine Concocting Pavilion. Outside in the dawn air, he began to walk dow n one of the small paths that wound through the sect.

天空上，还有一群五彩凤鸟，正在优雅的飞行，发出阵阵清脆的鸣叫，白小纯没理会那些凤鸟，去饲养灵尾鸡的地方要了一只灵尾鸡，回到居所的院子后，取出一枚红色丹药，向前一扔，放在了灵尾鸡面前的地上。
Up above , he could see a flock of five-colored phoenixes gliding elegantly through the air, occasionally making piercing cries that echoed out. Ignoring the phoenixes, he headed toward one of the local spirit tail chicken farms, where he acquired a spirit tail chicken. After returning to his courtyard, he put the chicken down and then tossed one of the red medicinal pills out in front of it.

灵尾鸡原本蔫蔫的，可在看到这红色的丹药后，身子瞬间颤抖，猛地站起，没有丝毫迟疑，一口向着丹药啄去。
The spirit tail chicken had originally been sitting there looking a bit tired. But then it caught sight of the red medicinal pill. A tremor ran through it, and it suddenly leapt to its feet, rushed forward and pecked dow n toward the pill.

可就在这时，突然的，天空上有一声强烈的鸣叫蓦然传来，狂风横扫，那灵尾鸡还没等啄到丹药，身体就被这大风卷到了一旁。
However, it was at this exact moment that an intensely powerful cry rang out from up above . Then, a powerful wind gusted by, and before the spirit tail chicken could reach the pill, it was blown off of its feet.

白小纯吓了一跳赶紧后退，看去时，只见原本从天空上路过的那些五彩凤鸟，此刻一个个直了眼，直奔这里而来，途中居然相互都争斗起来，很快就有一只明显粗壮一些的雄鸟，压过同伴，刹那而来，一口就啄在了丹药上，猛地吞下。
A bit frightened, Bai Xiaochun leaped backward. At the same time, the five- colored phoenixes closed in from up above , eyes wide, fighting amongst themselves the entire way. Finally, one of the strongest among the group, a male, succeeded in shoving aside his companions, whereupon he snapped up the medicinal pill and swallowed it dow n.

吃完后似还轻蔑的看了一眼被卷在一旁的灵尾鸡，这凤鸟优雅的飞起，白小纯哭笑不得，可紧接着他眼珠子就瞪了出来，呆呆的看着天空。
Looking with contempt at the spirit tail chicken that had been blown off to the side, the phoenix then flew up gracefully into the air. Bai Xiaochun wasn’t sure whether to laugh or cry. Eyes wide, he could do nothing but watch as the phoenix ascended upward.

只见在半空中优雅飞出的那只凤鸟，突然身体一颤，竟嗷嗷尖叫起来，眼睛直接就红了，无数血丝刹那扩散，全身毛发都竖立，仿佛身体内有一团火要爆发出来。
However, after flying only a short way, the elegant phoenix began to shake, and then let out a protracted wail. His eyes turned bright red as they filled with veins of blood. All of his feathers suddenly stood on end, making him look like a fireball that was about to explode.

更为惊人的，是这雄性凤鸟，居然全身肌肉膨胀，咔咔声下，整个身体比之前要膨胀了一倍，尤其是两个爪子中间的腹部羽毛处，居然在这一刻，出现了一根硬邦邦的棍
Even more shocking was that the powerful male phoenix’s muscles began to swell and ripple. Cracking sounds emanated out as the entire phoenix grew larger. Most notable of all was how the feathered area between his two legs suddenly bulged with something hard and rod-like

这雄性凤鸟眼神都不对劲了，猛地看向四周其他的凤鸟。
A very peculiar expression could be seen on the face of the male phoenix as he looked around at the other phoenixes.

四周的凤鸟一个个颤抖，正要四散时，那只雄性凤鸟发狂一样，瞬间扑了上去，紧接着，有凄厉的鸟叫，骤然传出。
The other phoenixes trembled, and were about to scatter, when the male phoenix charged madly toward them. Next, miserable shrieks began to ring out.

白小纯目瞪口呆，倒吸口气，站在院子里呆呆的看着天空上这一幕，他亲眼看到，那只体型膨胀的凤鸟，竟将其他的凤鸟，全部 蹂躏了一番，最后依旧红着眼，全身似要冒火，直奔他这里来临。
Bai Xiaochun stood there in his courtyard, looking on aghast as the bulging male phoenix violated all of the other phoenixes. Moments later, unsated, the phoenix turned in his direction, his eyes burning just as red as before, his entire body seemingly bursting with flames.

吓的白小纯赶紧后退，差点尖叫出来。
Terrified, Bai Xiaochun fled, ba rely able to hold back from screaming.

好在他发现这凤鸟不是冲向自己，而是一把抓走了那只灵尾鸡
Thankfully, the phoenix was actually targeting, not him, but the spirit tail chicken

好半晌，白小纯看着那只雄性凤鸟一路嗷嗷叫唤，一路飞向山顶，他这才擦了擦额头的冷汗。
Soon after, he watched as the male phoenix flew back toward the top of the mountain, clamoring loudly the entire way. Only after that did Bai Xiaochun wipe the sweat off of his brow.

“太可怕了 这是什么丹药！” 白小纯低头看着还剩下的两粒丹药，觉得心头发颤，猜出这两枚丹药，应该是类似发。
“Simply terrifying” he thought, looking down at the remaining two medicinal pills he held in hand. “Just what kind of medicinal pills are these?” His heart began to pound as he realized that they must be some type of aphrodisiac.

情丹的效果，且明显的 这效果不是一般的好。
Clearly they were also very effective.

这一天，对于香云山的弟子而言，终生难忘
That day was a day that would never be forgotten by the disciples of Fragrant

因为整个香云山，所有的鸟，不管是什么鸟，都全部被周长老的一只发狂的凤鸟，蹂躏了 当着无数弟子的面，他们都亲眼看到那一只只鸟发出惨叫，不断地想要逃出魔掌，可却不如周长老的凤鸟力气大，难逃毒手
Cloud Peak All birds on the mountain, regardless of what type they were, were ravaged by Elder Zhou’s maddened phoenix Countless disciples watched as one bird after another let out miserable shrieks. Although the birds tried as best they could to escape, none of them were a match for Elder Zhou’s phoenix. None managed to flee

甚至那只万恶的凤鸟，居然连灵尾鸡都不放过，更不用说周长老所养的其他此鸟的同类了，全山上下，只要有翅膀的 在这一天，如同噩梦。
The villainous phoenix didn't even spare the spirit tail chickens, much less the other birds that Elder Zhou had raised. Anything on the mountain with wings experienced a living nightmare that day.

所有的弟子，全部都在议论纷纷，看着发生的那一幕幕事情，每个人都心颤，就连紫鼎山与青峰山，也都听到了这个消息，甚至还有不少人好奇的前来观看。
All of the disciples were talking about the matter, and their hearts trembled. Soon, word spread to Violet Cauldron Peak and Green Crest Peak. Some people even came over to see the miraculous events which were unfolding for themselves.

“听说了么，香云山周长老养的一只凤鸟疯了，见鸟就扑啊 ”
“Did you hear that over on Fragrant Cloud Peak, one of Elder Zhou's phoenixes went mad? It started pou ncing on any bird it saw”

“我亲眼看到，那凤鸟太凶残了，连路过的喜鹊都不放过 ”
“I saw it with my own eyes. What a savage phoenix! It didn’t even spare the passing magpies”

“周长老到底干了什么啊，居然让这凤鸟这样了 ”
“Just what was Elder Zhou doing, huh? How could he let his phoenix act like that?”

“令人发指啊，我还看到那只凤鸟，似乎亢奋打了极致，有的鸟被它扑了一次又一次，那个惨啊！”
“It was really infuriating, you know? That phoenix seemed really turned on! It pounced on some of those birds over and over again. It was brutal!”

白小纯走在宗门内，听到了无数人在低声议论，他心中哆嗦了，他心虚啊。
When Bai Xiaochun heard the talk going around the sect, he began to tremble, and even felt a bit guilty.

“这不怨我啊，真的不怨我 我本打算是给灵尾鸡吃的 是那只鸟它自己来抢走的！”
“It isn’t my fault” he said to himself. “It’s really not my fault I was trying to give that pill to the spirit tail chicken That phoenix stole it!”

白小纯委屈，赶紧去了炼药阁，琢磨着此事应该没人知道。
Feeling wronged, he hurried back to the Medicine Concocting Pavilion. After some thought, he came to the conclusion that there was no way anyone would figure out what had happened.

在炼药阁内，他叹了口气，拿出那两枚红色的丹药，若有所思。
There he sat in the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, sighing as he pulled out the remaining two red medicinal pills, which he then looked at thoughtfully.

“这丹药居然如此厉害，说不定可以成为我的一个杀手锏 以后遇到凶兽，就不怕了。”
“These medicinal pills are actually really powerful. Maybe I could use them as trump cards in a fight If I ever run into some wild beasts in the future, I'll have nothing to fear.

“如果要当成杀手锏，那么还需要炼制一枚能散发强烈的雌性气息的丹药配合才可。”
“Well, if I want to use them as trump cards, then I better create another pill which can incite intense desire in females. The two can complement each other.”

白小纯脑海里幻想一下画面，两枚丹药配合，遇到凶兽直接扔出，再把另一枚扔在别的地方，就可以把凶兽引走了。
Bai Xiaochun could well imagine how two such pills could work together. If he encountered some dangerous beast in the future, he would merely throw a pill in one direction and then run off in the other.

于是心动了，可没有这种丹药的药方，他冥思苦想，脑子所有草木知识浮现，一一查找，准备自己创造一个药方出来。
It was an exciting prospect, but the downside was that he had no medicinal formula to work with. After pondering the matter for a while, and considering all of the various types of plants and vegetation that he knew about, he mentally prepared his own medicine formula.

就在白小纯于炼药阁内琢磨创造一个药方时，香云山的山顶，周长老外出归来，呆呆的看着面前绝大多数的凤鸟都蔫了，不远处，那只雄性凤鸟正压在一只灵尾鸡的身上，不断地嗷嗷大叫。
About the time that Bai Xiaochun was considering how to create his own medicine formula, Elder Zhou returned to his residence at the top of Fragrant Cloud Peak. There, he stared at the ravaged and listless phoenixes, and then turned his head to see the male phoenix off in the distance, pouncing on a spirit tail chicken.

周长老只觉得脑海轰鸣，浑身颤抖，仿佛天地都在旋转，发出了一声惊天动地的怒吼。
Miserable shrieks then began to ring out. Elder Zhou’s mind almost exploded. Trembling violently, he stood there feeling as if the entire world were spinning around him.

“是谁干的！”
Enraged, he cried out, “Who did this?”

第七十四章 原来是白小纯！
0073 chapter-74

周长老的声音传遍整个香云山，回荡四方，无数弟子在听到后，都神色古怪，这一天在香云山发生的事情，震惊了所有人
Elder Zhou’s voice filled the entirety of Fragrant Cloud Peak, echoing out in all directions. Strange expressions could be seen on the faces of countless disciples as they heard his words. After all, the events of that day had shaken everyone

香云山的其他长老，也都触目惊心，只是那凤鸟是周长老的心爱之宠，其他人也不便强行去阻止，万一伤到了那只发狂的凤鸟，会引起周长老的不悦。
The other elders on Fragrant Cloud Peak were also shocked by the ghastly events. The male phoenix was one of Elder Zhou’s beloved pets, and therefore, no one was willing to even get near it. If the maddened beast were to accidentally be harmed, Elder Zhou would certainly be incensed.

最重要的是 整个香云山，养鸟的人只有周长老一个，所以无论怎么说，那都是周长老自家的事情，外人不好插手。
Most importantly Elder Zhou was the only person on Fragrant Cloud Peak who enjoyed raising fine birds, and considering it was his personal affair, no one was willing to interfere.

至于灵尾鸡 李青候出门了，周心琪身为弟子，想要管也有心无力，尤其是那雄性凤鸟太强悍了，她白天时远远一看，羞的脸通红，怎敢上前。
As for the spirit tail chickens Li Qinghou was away, and his apprentice Zhou Xinqi had little power to do anything. Besides, the male phoenix was especially powerful, leaving Zhou Xinqi with no other option than to observe from afar, her face flushed, not daring to even step forward.

此刻周长老身体控制不住的颤抖，他痛心的看着那只还在嗷嗷大叫的凤鸟，环看四周那些萎靡不振的鸟群，欲哭无泪。
When Elder Zhou saw what was happening, he couldn’t stop shaking. His heart twinged as he watched the clamoring phoenix, and when he looked around at the rest of the dispirited and listless birds, he wished to cry, and yet could find no tears.


Considering Elder Zhou’s skill in the Dao of medicine, he could tell at a glance that someone had given the phoenix some sort of medicine.

“老夫一定会查出，到底是谁干的这件事！”
“I’ll definitely find out who was responsible for this!”

以周长老的药道造诣，他一眼就看出了自己的凤鸟被人下药了。
Meanwhile, Bai Xiaochun was in his workstation in the Medicine

白小纯躲在炼药阁的房间里，尽管此地对外最大程度隔绝了声音，可愤怒之下的周长老，他的怒吼之声具备了强悍的穿透力，即便是在这里，白小纯也都隐隐听到。
Concocting Pavilion. Although he was mostly cut off from the sounds outside, Elder Zhou’s enraged roar reached his ears, and his heart trembled.

他心头又颤，脸上露出委屈，他是真的觉得冤枉
Then an outraged expression appeared on his face as he contemplated how he was truly being unfairly accused

眼下只能期望此事天衣无缝，周长老找不到自己 白小纯愁眉苦脸，脑子里却在思索炼制配合那发情丹，使得效果更好的丹药。
He could only hope that it would be impossible to connect the matter to him, and that Elder Zhou wouldn't come after him Scowling, he began to recall the exact steps he had gone through to create the aphrodisiac pill, and began to contemplate how to make it even more effective.

一连研究了数日，他外出好几次采购所需的药草，还以贡献点换了一些外面很难买到之物，在炼药阁内不断地尝试。
After several days of study and contemplation, he went out a few times to purchase medicinal plants, and even spent some merit points to acquire a few other rare ingredients. Finally, he returned to the Medicine Concocting

碎丹爆裂之声经常传出，从某种意义上讲，这是白小纯第一次去完整的创造一个药方，当初药徒试炼时，他虽明悟，可却是细微改变。
Pavilion to attempt to concoct the pill. Soon, explosions began to ring out. In some ways, it was true that Bai Xiaochun had already created his own medicine formula back in the trial by fire to become a journeyman apothecary.


However, that was more a situation of enlightenment and adjustments to an existing formula.

不像是现在，完全凭空创造，难度之大，不可比较，若是换了晋升药徒时白小纯的药道造诣，他做不到这一点，可如今一年多的研究药道，他已经可以去略作尝试。
It was different from the current situation, in which was truly inventing something new. The levels of difficulty couldn’t even be compared. In fact, based on Bai Xiaochun’s skill in the Dao of medicine at the time of his promotion to journeyman apothecary, he would never have been able to do something like this. But now, after a year of experience and further research into the Dao of medicine, he was more than ready to make such an attempt.

虽还生涩，可他现在所走的路，已经不是其他药徒所想，而是药师才会去摸索的大道。
Although he wasn’t fully proficient, he had already begun to walk a path that other journeyman apothecaries couldn’t even imagine. It was a path that only master apothecaries could attempt to understand.

时间一晃，半个月过去，白小纯在炼药阁内，沉浸在创造药方之中，不断地尝试下，已有了一些思绪。
Time passed. Half a month later, Bai Xiaochun was still in the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, immersed in his attempt to create a medicine formula. After numerous attempts, he was beginning to shape his ideas into one concise concept.

就在他神色振奋的再次开炉时，香云山顶，周长老脸上露出心痛，拿着一粒丹药，喂食给面前的一只蔫蔫的凤鸟。
Even as he excitedly began to concoct another batch, Elder Zhou stood atop Fragrant Cloud Peak, a pained expression on his face as he fed a medicinal pill to a weak, listless phoenix. “Relax and recover,” he said.

“安心修养，你之前所做的所有事情，都非你所愿，不是你的错，等你好了，带老夫去找那个给你下药之人，不管是谁，老夫都让此人付出代价！”
“All those things you did weren’t in accord with your true desires. None of it was your fault. Just wait until you’ve recovered, and I’ll take you to find the person who fed that pill to you. I don’t care who it is, I will see to it that he pays the price!”


A brutal gleam appeared in Elder Zhou’s eyes.

周长老神色中露出凶意，这半个月，他调查了整个香云山，甚至连南岸的其他山峰也都查了。
During the past half month, he had conducted a thorough investigation of Fragrant Cloud Peak, and had even made inquiries in the other mountain peaks of the south bank.

可却没有找到任何的蛛丝马迹，眼下唯一的方法，就是等这只凤鸟修养一段日子后，亲自带着他去寻找。
Unfortunately, he hadn’t turned up a single clue. The only option he had next was to wait until the phoenix recovered, and then take it to search for the culprit.

同时他也发现了，这半个月，整个香云山 没有任何带翅膀的鸟出没过，似乎从半个月前的惨案发生后，此地成为了所有鸟的禁区
During the course of his investigation, he had come to find that Fragrant Cloud Peak had become a place that winged birds avoided like the plague Because of the tragic events which had occurred half a month before, it was as if the air above the mountain had been filled with a shocking aroma.

仿佛半空里，都散发出惊人的气息，使鸟闻味色变，怎敢来临，就算是那些灵尾鸡，也都一个个整天颤抖，失魂落魄，看的那些饲养灵尾鸡的弟子，一个个哭丧着脸，敢恨不敢说。
Any bird who smelled it wouldn't dare to draw near. Even the spirit tail chickens spent their days trembling and scared out of their minds. The disciples who cared for the chickens could only scowl miserably, not daring to give voice to their anger.

渐渐地，此事发酵之后，香云山慢慢出现了一系列的传闻
As the matter festered, a whole series of rumors began to spread

“还记得半个月前那只鸟么？
“Do you remember what happened with the birds a few weeks ago?

我听到一个消息，说那只鸟是吃了周长老的药，才变得如此 就是不知，周长老那么大年纪，为何炼制这种药 ”
I heard that the bird in question ate some of Elder Zhou’s medicine. That’s why it changed so suddenly The only thing I don’t understand is that Elder Zhou is still pretty young. Why would he be concocting medicine like that?”


“Shhh keep your voice down!

“嘘 小声点，知道为什么周长老喜欢那些凤鸟么 这里面有惨绝人寰的秘密啊，周长老一生没有道侣，咳咳 你懂得。”
Do you know why Elder Zhou likes to raise birds? There’s a very tragic secret involved. The truth is that for his entire life, Elder Zhou has never had a Daoist partner! Ahem you know what I mean, right?”

“天啊，丧心病狂啊，莫非那些鸟，因忍受不住周长老长期的折磨，所以才发疯！”
“Heavens! How deranged! Could it be that because that bird couldn’t take any more of Elder Zhou’s torment, it finally went mad?”

这消息越传越是夸张，到了最后，香云山的弟子，几乎大都听说，且每个人对外传开时，都不由自主的幻想了一下，于是最终散开后，各种传说都出现了。
The more the rumors spread, the more exaggerated they became. Eventually, all of the disciples on Fragrant Cloud Peak were spreading them. When each person passed the news along, they couldn’t help but add details from their own imagination, until countless versions of the story could be heard.

周长老听说了此事，气的差点喷出鲜血，有心去解释，可每个人看到他，都明显神色变化，让他无论怎么去开口，似乎都于事无补，即便表面敬畏低头，可暗中传言更多了
When Elder Zhou caught wind of it, he got so mad he very nearly coughed up a mouthful of blood. He was of a mind to put an end to the rumors, but no matter how he tried to explain things to people, they would just look at him oddly. Although they quickly put respectful expressions on their faces, his explanations did no good, a nd the rumors continued to fly

直至又过去了半个月，这一天，周长老全身煞气滔天，神色前所未有的狰狞，右手抬起一挥，立刻那只休养了一个月的雄性凤鸟，蓦然飞出，它的个头竟保持在了强壮的模样里，甚至明显气息都强大了一些，显然是因祸得福
Another half month passed. One day, Elder Zhou appeared, bristling with a murderous aura, his expression unprecedentedly ferocious. The wave of his hand sent the recovered male phoenix flying out. Surprisingly, it was just as large as it had been before, and was actually a bit stronger.


Clearly, it had actually profited from its previous disaster

原本周长老看到这一幕，心底略微好过了一些，可他心中的那口气不吐不快，一想到这一个月，宗门内无数弟子在看到自己时的畏惧样子，还有同辈之人在自己面前干咳的古怪模样，尤其是那些传言，让周长老这里七窍生烟，此刻带着凤鸟立刻飞出。
When Elder Zhou saw that, he felt a bit better. However, the anger in his heart still needed an outlet. He had seen the fear in the eyes of countless disciples in the sect over the last month, even members of his own generation cleared their throats in his presence, and wore odd expressions on their faces. And then there were the rumors, which left him seething in fury.


At long last, he was able to bring his phoenix out into the open.

“去给我找，找到给你下药的那个人！” 周长老咬牙切齿。
“Find me the person who gave you that medicine!” he said through gritted teeth.

凤鸟发出一声鸣叫，在半空中向前急速飞去，周长老在后跟随，全身煞气越来越强，引起了香云山不少弟子的关注，甚至还有一些好事的弟子，遥遥的跟在后面。
The phoenix let out a piercing cry as it flew up into the air. Elder Zhou followed along, his murderous aura growing more and more intense. Quite a few disciples on Fragrant Cloud Peak were paying attention to the goings-on, and some of them even began to follow from a distance. Soon, it was obvious that the male phoenix was flying toward Bai

很快的，只见那只雄性凤鸟直奔白小纯所在的居所，到了后，在那居所的半空中转悠，侧头看向周长老，目中露出委屈，发出阵阵嘶鸣，似乎在告诉周长老，它就是在这里被下药的。
Xiaochun’s residence. When it arrived, it began to fly in circles up above . Then it turned and glanced at Elder Zhou, looking very maligned as it let out whimpering calls. Apparently, it was telling Elder Zhou that this was the place where it had consumed the medicinal pill.

这一幕，立刻被四周跟来的那些弟子看到，一个个睁大了眼，先是愣住，当意识到这里是谁的洞府后，一个个全部眨眼，神色更为古怪。
When the disciples who had followed along saw what was happening, their eyes went wide. But then they realized who the residence belonged to, and they blinked oddl y.

“这里 似乎是白师叔的宅子。”
“That looks like Sect Uncle Bai’s residence.”

“的确是白师叔 ”
“Yeah, it’s definitely Sect Uncle Bai’s”

“咳咳，这事要是别人做出，我是不信的，可若是白师叔嘛 情理之中！”
“Hmm. If the matter were blamed on anyone else, I might not believe it. But considering we're talking about Sect Uncle Bai it actually makes sense!”

周长老站在半空，浑身哆嗦，眼珠子都红了，狠狠地一咬牙。 “白小纯！”
Elder Zhou hovered there in midair, trembling, eyes crimson. Gnashing his teeth, he growled, “Bai Xiaochun!”

他终于找到了罪魁祸首，此刻神识一扫，察觉宅子内没人后，他右手一挥，拿出玉简凭着自身的权利去追查。
Now that he had found the culprit of the disaster, he scanned the area with divine sense. Having found that the residence was empty, he waved his right hand, producing a jade slip that, based on his authority in the sect, could track Bai Xiaochun dow n wherever he was.

很快的，他就查出，白小纯在炼药阁。
Soon, he found that Bai Xiaochun was in the Medicine Concocting Pavilion.

此刻脸上露出狞笑，周长老平日里多么一个温和的人啊，此刻怒吼中带着凤鸟，直奔炼药阁，四周的香云山弟子，一个个立刻振奋，赶紧传唤好友，将消息瞬间扩散整个香云山。
Normally, Elder Zhou was a calm person, but right now his face twisted with ferocious anger as he led his phoenix toward the Medicine Concocting Pavilion. The surrounding disciples of Fragrant Cloud Peak were starting to get excited. They began to send messages to their friends, and soon word was spreading throughout the mountain.

“快来，让那只鸟丧心病狂的幕后黑手，找到了！”
“Hurry up! The culprit who drove that bird crazy has been found out!”

“是白师叔干的！”
“Sect Uncle Bai did it!”

无数外门弟子，甚至还有一些内门弟子，在听到了这个消息后，一个个立刻全身一震，神色露出兴奋，赶紧冲出。
Countless disciples, even some from the Inner Sect, all heard the news. Trembling with excitement, they hurried out to see what they could see.

白小纯当初对他们的折磨，此刻化作了激情，折磨的痛苦越大，激情就越是强烈，陈子昂瞬间冲出，脸上露出感兴趣之意，赵一多也快速飞奔，二人对望，竟都放下了彼此的不顺眼，此刻全身心的要去看白小纯遭殃。
The feelings of torment they had experienced because of Bai Xiaochun now turned into anticipation. In fact, the more torment they had experienced, the more excited they were now. Chen Zi’ang rushed out, looking thrilled. Zhao


Yiduo raced out at about the same time.


The two of them exchanged pleased glances, and then raced in Bai Xiaochun’s direction as quickly as possible.

人群内，有一个大汉流下眼泪，他正是那自称狼爷的刘二狗，此刻他非常想扬天大吼一声“报应啊！”
Among the crowd was one particularly burly man, whose cheeks were wet with tears. It was none other than the self-proclaimed Lord Wolf, Liu Ergou. Throwing his head back, he roared, “Judgment comes!”

就在这整个香云山都出动的同时，炼药阁内，白小纯神色一样激动，他看着面前的丹炉，此刻丹炉震动，一股浓郁的香气扩散，丹炉内出现了几枚白色的丹药。
Even as all of Fragrant Cloud Peak was thrown into a commotion, Bai Xiaochun was there in the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, looking excitedly at the pill furnace in front of him. It was trembling, and a strong medicinal aroma wafted out from it as several white medicinal pills appeared.

这丹药没有名字，也不可吞食，稍微用力一碰就会碎开化作飞灰，作用只有一个 对雄性凶兽，能产生冲动的诱。 惑。
These pills currently had no names, and were not meant to be consumed by humans. In fact, if you pushed down on them too hard, they would collapse into dust. They had only one use to make male animals incredibly attractive to whoever consumed the pill.

这里面，白小纯用了数十种可以产生刺激的药草，甚至还不惜代价，换来了北岸的一些灵兽材料，耗费良久，这才成功炼出。
Bai Xiaochun had filled them with several powerful stimulants, and had even gone to the trouble of procuring some spirit creature ingredients from the north bank. The cost was high, but he had succeeded.

至于效果强弱，他不是特别清楚，但心中多少有些猜测，觉得不会太差就是，甚至为了担心效果不好，他还多加了数倍的量，甚至每一竹药草，都被他炼灵之后再来炼药。
The pills were not weak by any means. Although Bai Xiaochun wasn’t sure exactly how powerful they were, he could well guess, and was sure that they weren't inferior at all. Actually, to ensure that they were as powerful as possible, he had even performed spirit enhancements on all of the ingredients before using them.

此刻白小纯带着期待，看着手中这几枚白色的灵药，脑海里幻想这丹药与发清丹配合后的一幕，口中不由的呵呵一笑。
Face bright with anticipation, he looked down at the white medicinal pills, trying to imagine the results of using the pills in concert with the aphrodisiac pills. He couldn’t hold back from laughing.

“就叫做雌香丹好了，这名字好啊，之前的红色丹药，就叫发。 情丹！”
“This will be the Pheromone Pill. That sounds good. And the red one from before will be the Aphrodisiac Pill!”

白小纯想了想后，索性将这几粒丹药，都炼灵三次。
After a bit more thought, he performed threefold spirit enhancements on all of them.

如此一来，这丹药立刻不一样了，不再是下品，而是达到了佳品！
In the briefest of moments, the medicinal pills completely changed. No longer were they low-grade, but instead, superior-grade!

其药效 白小纯想象了一下，双眼更亮。
As for their medicinal efficacy Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone at the mere thought of it.

“哼哼，不管什么凶兽，以后看到我白小纯，我让它向哪扑，它就要向哪扑！”
“Hmph! Now it doesn’t matter what kind of beast I face, from now on, when I say jump, they’ll jump!”

白小纯干咳一声，将丹药收起，心满意足，正要出门溜达溜达，可刚刚走出炼药阁。 就在这时
Coughing dryly, he put the medicinal pills away. Feeling very proud of himself, he was just about to go outside and take a walk when

一声怒吼从半空清晰的传来。
He heard an enraged roar echoing dow n from the sky.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!”

第七十五章 我冤枉啊！
0074 chapter-75

怒吼惊天，震动四周树木全部颤抖，不少树叶纷纷落下，更有狂风扫过，卷起四方。
The shocking roar of fury caused even the trees in the area to tremble. Leaves fell, to be picked up by the raging wind, which swept them to and fro.

白小纯一听这怒吼，吓的整个人差点跳起来，抬头时一眼就看到了半空中满头白发的周长老，正青筋鼓起的冲来。
When Bai Xiaochun heard the enraged cry, he was so scared he almost jumped straight up into the air. He looked up, and saw the white-haired Elder Zhou hovering up above , veins bulging out all over his neck and face.

这一刻的周长老，其凶神恶煞的样子，竟与一个月前的那只凤鸟，似乎也都有些相似了
Elder Zhou seemed like a wild beast, and in fact, actually looked quite similar to the way the phoenix had a month ago

“白小纯，你害老夫凤鸟，今天就算是李青候来了，老夫也要狠狠地教训你！”
“Bai Xiaochun, it was you that harmed my phoenix. On this day, even if Li Qinghou tries to interfere, I will teach you a harsh and bitter lesson!”

周长老怒吼，声音如天雷翻滚，右手抬起时，向着白小纯这里遥遥一抓。
With another thunderous roar, he extended his right hand and made a vicious grasping gesture in Bai Xiaochun's direction.

这一抓，白小纯的四周仿佛被凝固一样，他心底哆嗦，发出凄厉的惨叫，全身皮肤在这一瞬闪烁银芒。
That gesture caused the air around Bai Xiaochun to begin to solidify. Bai Xiaochun trembled inwardly and let out a miserable shriek.

与此同时，他身体外也有白光闪动，神鹤盾在这一刻蓦然开启，远远一看，如同一个鸡蛋壳。
A silver glow sprang out from his skin, and at the same time, a white light appeared further out as he activated the Divine Crane Shield. From a distance, it almost looked like an eggshell.

“杀人了，杀人了！”
“He’s trying to kill me! He’s trying to kill me!”

在白小纯身上光芒闪动的瞬间，他的速度轰然爆发，竟在周长老的威压下，猛地冲出，没有任何犹豫，向前急速飞奔。
As soon as the light enveloped him, he ignored the pressure crushing down from Elder Zhou and unhesitatingly shot off at the highest speed pos sible.

周长老轻咦一声，他虽没有出全力，可他身为筑基初期的修士，哪怕只是一份力，凝气也很难挣脱，此刻看到白小纯身体外的防护之光，周长老声音再次传出。
“Eee?” murmured Elder Zhou. Although he hadn’t used his full strength, considering he was in the early Foundation Establishment stage, even a fraction of his power should have been enough to prevent any Qi Condensation cultivator from breaking free.

“白小纯，你别以为我不知道，从你进入火灶房开始，就祸害老夫，老夫入汤的人参，灵须都被你吃光了，还有盘子变浅的馊主意，也是你出的，现在又给我的凤鸟下药！
Looking at the light-wreathed Bai Xiaochun fleeing off into the distance, he roared, “Bai Xiaochun, do you really think I don’t know that you were out to harm me even when you were back in the Ovens? I know that the ginseng root that was meant for my soup was eaten by you, all the way down to the spirit rootlets! I also know that it was your idea to make the bowls shallower. And now you went and fed some medicine to my phoenix!

老夫今天要让你知道，宗门严肃之地，岂能让你调皮捣蛋！”
On this very day, I will ensure that you come to understand the severe consequences of stirring up trouble in our sect!”

周长老身体一晃，再次追出，火灶房的那些事，他们这些宗门长老一个个心知肚明。
With that he gave chase. The truth was that all of the elders in the sect knew about the things that went on in the Ovens.

“不怨我啊，是你那只鸟自己要来抢走丹药，真的和我没关系！”
“You can’t blame me!” Bai Xiaochun shrieked miserably. “That bird of yours stole my medicinal pill! I really had nothing to do with it!”

白小纯委屈到了极致，眼看周长老气势汹汹，且修为深不可测，他此刻玩命的展开了全部速度，身影都快要化作一道残影，急速前行。
Looking back over his shoulder, he saw the overly aggressive Elder Zhou, his cultivation base unfathomable. Bai Xiaochun immediately pushed forward with as much speed as possible, as if his life depended on it, rapidly transforming into nothing more than a set of afterimages.

半空中那只雄性凤鸟，听到白小纯的话后，如被拔了羽毛般，全身所有毛发都竖起了，立刻发出凄厉的尖叫，不断地用翅膀指着白小纯，若是它能开口，此刻必定歇斯底里的去告诉所有人，就是白小纯给它的药，不是它自己抢的！
Up in midair, the male phoenix heard Bai Xiaochun’s words, and his feathers immediately stood on end. Letting out a miserable squawk, he pointed his wings at Bai Xiaochun, and if he could talk, he would obviously be crying hysterically to everyone present that it was Bai Xiaochun who had given him the medicine. He most certainly hadn’t stolen it!

“你 你 ”白小纯看到这只凤鸟居然诬赖自己，顿时心中郁闷到了极致，他怎么也没想到，以自己的聪明，居然会有一天被一只鸟陷害。
“Y-you!” Seeing the phoenix falsely accuse him made Bai Xiaochun feel worse than before. How could he ever have imagined that, given how smart he was, he would one day be framed by a bird? Hatred filled his heart.

他心底恨啊，目光落在那只鸟的身上，已经想好了，等这件事过去，一定要让这只鸟好看，即便对方是雄性，他也要找一只更强壮的雄鸟过来将对方扑倒。
Looking at the bird, he decided firmly in his heart that once this matter was resolved, he would ensure that bird felt what it was like to be humiliated. The bird might be a male, but Bai Xiaochun would find an even manlier bird to teach it a lesson.

“还敢狡辩！”
“How dare you quibble over meaningless details!”

周长老速度飞快，直奔白小纯，大袖一甩，一股大力蓦然隔空而去，直接落在了白小纯的身上，可白小纯却只是一个踉跄，就跟没事一样，反倒借力更快。
Elder Zhou said, picking up speed. As he shot toward Bai Xiaochun, he waved his sleeve, causing a massive power to shoot through the air. When it landed on Bai Xiaochun, however, he merely staggered a bit, and then picked up speed as if nothing had happened.

这一幕让周长老睁大了眼，他之前的力道，换了其他外门弟子，立刻就会摔倒停下，可白小纯居然没事。
The scene caused Elder Zhou’s eyes to widen. He had used enough power to send any other Outer Sect disciple tumbling to the ground, and yet Bai Xiaochun treated it as if it were nothing.

白小纯心中骇然，方才那一下，他痛的呲牙咧嘴，心底颤抖，眼看周长老来临，他一把取出金乌剑，体内灵力蓦然爆发，瞬间金乌幻化，带着白小纯化作金色长虹，直奔半空。
Bai Xiaochun was also shocked. The blow just now had shaken him down to his teeth, and left him trembling. Looking back at Elder Zhou, he quickly produced the Golden Crow Sword and poured some spiritual power into it. The golden crow materialized, and Bai Xiaochun transformed into a golden beam of light that shot up into the air.

周长老冷哼，一样飞出，与身边的凤鸟，追击而去。
Elder Zhou snorted coldly, and also flew up, joined by his phoenix.

四周所有在这里观望的香云山弟子，一个个都心中快慰，幸灾乐祸，看着白小纯夺命狂奔，大有心中的一口气，畅快的吐出之意。
All of the observing disciples in the area felt quite pleased at the ability to revel in Bai Xiaochun's misfortune. Seeing him flee madly for his life enabled them all to release a bit of the anger which had been festering inside of them.

陈子昂与赵一多，更是脸上笑容如开了花，至于那自称狼爷的刘二哥，更是眼泪都快留下。
Wide smiles blossomed on the faces of Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo, and Liu Ergou, the so-called Lord Wolf, was so happy that tears streamed down his face.

“苍天有眼啊！”
“The heavens do h ave eyes!” he murmured.

香云山的半空中，白小纯发出惨叫，声音凄厉，足以让听到的人，再没有看清是谁喊出时，全部都会触目惊心。
Flying through the air over Fragrant Cloud Peak, Bai Xiaochun let out a miserable cry. Anyone who wasn’t watching what was happening but heard that scream would be completely shocked.

“周长老，你的鸟在撒谎啊，我说的是真的，你的鸟是假的！”
“Elder Zhou, your bird’s lying! I’m telling the truth, and he’s making stuff up!”

白小纯欲哭无泪，踩着金乌拼命前行。
Bai Xiaochun wanted to cry, but no tears would come. He stood atop the golden crow, pushing forward with everything he could muster.

“闭嘴！”
“Shut up!”

周长老听着白小纯左一句你的鸟，又一句你的鸟，尤其是看到四周不少人听到后，神色都古怪，他恼羞大吼，右手掐诀一指，立刻一道指风飞出，速度暴增，直奔白小纯。
Elder Zhou roared. It was bad enough that Bai Xiaochun was constantly saying all kinds of things about his bird, but even worse, there were plenty of people who could hear it, and all of them had odd expressions on their faces. Elder Zhou's right hand flashed with an incantation gesture, causing a blast of air to shoot toward Bai Xiaochun.

“可我说的是真的，你的鸟诬赖我！”
“But it’s true! Your bird is falsely accusing me!”

白小纯想要解释，可风声呼啸，那指风刹那靠近，吓的白小纯哆嗦中，自身速度超常发挥，再次远去，避开了指风，那指风落在一旁的山岩上，轰的一声，出现了一个小洞。
Bai Xiaochun just wanted to resolve the situation, and yet, the blast of air continued to close in, leaving him trembling in fear. Somehow pushing forward with even more speed, he managed to avoid the blast, and it smashed a sizeable hole into a nearby boulder. Bai Xiaochun looked over his shoulder at the hole, and his scalp went numb.

“我是掌门师弟，我师父是灵罗真人！” 白小纯看着那小洞，头皮发麻，连忙搬出自己的后台。
Finally, he decided to call upon his most powerful backer, “I'm the Junior Brother of the Sect Leader! I'm the apprentice of Daoist Master Spiritsieve!”

“谁也没用！”
“Nobody can help you now!”

周长老皱起眉头，以他的身份，此刻追击白小纯，他自己也觉得有些丢人，可心中实在是气啊，尤其是自己分明没碰到对方一下，可这白小纯如同被踩了尾巴的耗子一样凄惨。
Elder Zhou said, glaring. The truth was that he was actually losing a bit of face by personally chasing after Bai Xiaochun. What was even worse was that he hadn’t even touched Bai Xiaochun, who was fleeing like a rabbit whose tail had been stepped on. It was truly a miserable sight.

香云山中，许宝财抬头看着这一幕，他的神色复杂，他不担心白小纯，反倒是很同情的看向追击而去的周长老，目中露出追忆，想起了往事。
Somewhere on Fragrant Cloud Peak, Xu Baocai looked up at what was happening, mixed emotions on his face. Of course, he wasn’t worried about Bai Xiaochun. Rather, he felt bad for Elder Zhou, and couldn’t help but think back to his own past.

“白小纯，你给我站住！”
“Stop running, Bai Xiaochun!”

周长老如大鹏一般，瞬间临近，身边的凤鸟发出得意的鸣叫，不时还用翅膀遥指白小纯。
Elder Zhou cried, closing in like a powerful roc. Next to him, his phoenix continued to let out piercing cries, and occasionally pointed at Bai Xiaochun with his wings.

“我是耀荣弟子，我为宗门流过血，我为宗门立过功！”
“I'm a Prestige disciple!” Bai Xiaochun screamed. “I've shed blood for the sect! I’ve performed incredible service!”

白小纯惨叫，没命的狂奔，声音传遍四方，就连青峰山以及紫鼎山，都有不少人察觉，纷纷抬头看去，在看到白小纯被追杀后，一个个都神色古怪，有的竟没忍住，噗哧一声笑了出来。
As he fled for his life, his words echoed out even to Violet Cauldron Peak. Many people there looked up and saw Bai Xiaochun in full flight, and strange expressions quickly filled their faces. When they realized what was happening, they couldn’t hold back from laughing.

“荣耀弟子都是给死人的，老夫帮你名副其实！”
“That title is given to the dead,” Elder Zhou growled. “I'm going to make you into a true Prestige disciple!”

周长老倒也没有灭杀白小纯的心思，可准备狠狠教训一番的想法却很强烈，此刻吓唬的同时，右手抬起向前一甩，顿时狂风扩散，在白小纯的四周，立刻出现了一个风的漩涡。
The truth was that he didn’t really plan to kill Bai Xiaochun. He just wanted to teach him a very hard lesson. Hoping to scare him, he waved his hand again, sending out another blast of wind, which caused a vortex to spring up around Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯一听这句话，又被四周出现的风漩涡笼罩全身，顿时叫声更为凄惨，全身灵力一股脑的融入金乌剑内，使得金光瞬间膨胀，带着他冲出了风漩后，于青峰山与种道山之间，黯淡下来。
When Bai Xiaochun heard Elder Zhou’s words, and then saw the wind vortex appear, he screamed even harder than before. He poured all of the spiritual power he could muster into the Golden Crow Sword. Bai Xiaochun burst out from within the vortex, surrounded by golden light, shooting all the way to the midway point between Fragrant Cloud Peak and Mount Daoseed. It was only then that the light began to fade.

白小纯全身银光闪耀，身体一冲而出，惨叫连连，奔跑飞快，他知道李青候不在宗门，此刻唯一能救自己的，就是掌门师兄了，奔跑时，直奔种道山。
Silver light glittered around him as he charged onward, screaming. He was well aware that Li Qinghou wasn’t in the sect at the moment, and that the only person who could save him was his Elder Brother Sect Leader, which was why he was now heading toward Mount Daoseed.

对白小纯竟连续数次在自己的威压下逃走，周长老心底惊奇，暗道这白小纯能从落陈家族的危机中活着回来，的确是有其惊人之处。
Elder Zhou was inwardly shocked that Bai Xiaochun had been able to dodg e his attacks so many times, and was now sure that this was one of the reasons he'd been able to make it out alive when being pursued by the Luochen Clan.

可这四周人太多看着，让周长老脸面有些挂不住，更怒了，全身修为一散，再次追出。
However, considering that there were so many people watching, it left Elder Zhou with little face, and only served to fuel his anger. Unleashing all of his cultivation base, he shot after Bai Xiaochun once again.

“掌门师兄救我！”
“Elder Brother Sect Leader, save me!”

白小纯哇哇大叫，速度更快，嗖嗖声中，不断地避开周长老的临近，冲上种道山，他身体极为灵活，时而跳跃起来，让周长老也觉得有些滑不溜秋。
Bai Xiaochun wailed at the top of his lungs. Whistling through the air at top speed, he continued to evade Elder Zhou as he headed toward Mount Daoseed. His incredible agility made him very slippery.

实际上，若他展开一些属于筑基的神通功法，倒也不是不可能留下白小纯，可毕竟他只是想教训而已，一旦展开那些术法，怕一个力度没掌握好，会要了白小纯的小命。
Of course, if Elder Zhou truly unleashed all of his Foundation Establishment divine abilities and techniques, he would probably have been able to pin Bai Xiaochun down. However, all he wanted to do was teach him a lesson. If he started using magical techniques, and didn’t reign in their power perfectly, he could very well deliver a fatal blow.

可眼下自己没碰到白小纯，这白小纯偏偏露出这么凄惨的模样与惨叫，周长老心底恼意更多，右手掐诀时，向着半空一指，立刻白小纯上方的天空，突然凭空出现乌云，天雷滚滚时，一道闪电轰隆而出，直奔白小纯呼啸而去。
However, at the moment, he couldn’t even hit Bai Xiaochun at all, and yet, Bai Xiaochun was screaming miserably, which caused Elder Zhou to get even more angry. He quickly performed an incantation gesture with his right hand, causing dark clouds to form in the sky above . Thunder crashed as lightning suddenly shot dow n toward Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯眼睛都直了，眼看这闪电落下，其内蕴含的惊人之力，让他感受到了强烈的危机，此刻脑海一片空白，眼珠子红了一些，双手猛地掐诀，向上一指，立刻他的头顶有紫气瞬间幻化，直奔闪电而去。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were as round as saucers. The terrifying power he sensed within the lightning left his mind somewhat blank. Eyes bloods hot, he performed a double-handed incantation gesture and then pointed out. Instantly, violet qi appeared above his head, which shot toward the lightning.

周长老大吃一惊，他本是要吓唬白小纯，这一道闪电，看似会轰击白小纯，可实际上只会落在他的身边而已，可眼下白小纯居然去反抗，他正要收回力道，可却来不及全部收回。
Elder Zhou was astonished. He’d set out to simply scare Bai Xiaochun, and although the lightning seemed like an attack, he’d aimed it to land next to Bai Xiaochun, not on him. But now, Bai Xiaochun was actually fighting back against it, causing Elder Zhou to suddenly try to reign the lightning in.

白小纯的紫气瞬间飞出，在半空中直接与那闪电碰触到了一起，隐隐的，似有一个紫色的鼎瞬间幻化，在与闪电碰触后，轰鸣滔天，震动八方时，紫雾崩溃，那闪电竟也黯淡了一些，虽然穿透而过，落在了一旁，但力度竟少了一半。
Unfortunately, he couldn’t stop all of it. Violet qi swirled up from Bai Xiaochun to meet the lightning, and as it did, the image of a cauldron appeared. When it slammed into the lightning, massive rumbling sounds echoed out, shaking everything in the area. The violet qi scattered, and as for the lightning, it dimmed by about half before slamming into the ground.

白小纯面色苍白，再次惨叫，疾驰远去。
Bai Xiaochun’s face went pale, and he let out another plaintive scream.

“师兄救我，师尊救我，师尊啊，您老人家在天之灵，救命啊！”
“Save me, Elder Brother! Save me, Master! Oh that the spirit of my Master in the heavens would save me!”

周长老脚步停顿，看着半空，又看向白小纯，目中露出震惊，他方才那道闪电，虽抽回来大半灵力，可余下的小半，也足以将一个凝气修士重伤，可白小纯这里，竟只是面色白了一下，气血微微翻滚，连伤都没有。
Elder Zhou stopped in place in midair, looking at Bai Xiaochun in surprise. Just now, he had managed to reduce the power of the lightning by about half, but even the remaining bit should have been enough to seriously injure any Qi Condensation cultivator. And yet, other than causing Bai Xiaochun’s face to go pale, and sending his qi and blood i nto chaos, it had don e little else.

“那是 紫气化鼎，之前杜凌菲与侯云飞曾说过，白小纯已明悟紫气化鼎，可这威力，已不是一个凝气七层可以具备的，此子果然已有与凝气九层交战之力，甚至更强！”
“That was Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning,” Elder Zhou murmured to himself. “Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei both said that Bai Xiaochun had gained enlightenment of Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning, but that level of power exceeds the seventh level of Qi Condensation. The battle prowess this kid can unleash with that technique is incredible!”

周长老目露奇芒，眼看白小纯如此天骄，他心底的气少了很多，只是此刻白小纯的惨叫太刺耳了，他哭笑不得，冷哼中板着脸再次追出。
A strange light gleamed in Elder Zhou’s eyes. Now that he realized Bai Xiaochun was a Chosen of this caliber, some of his anger was mitigated. Furthermore, Bai Xiaochun’s ear-splitting screaming left him unsure of whether to laugh or cry.

“不管是凤鸟自身的原因，还是这白小纯的缘故，此子性格顽劣，借此机会吓唬一下，应该能让他收敛一些。”
With a cold snort, he once again gave chase. “I don’t care if the phoenix was at fault, Bai Xiaochun was the main cause. This kid is stubborn and mischievous, I need to take the chance to scare him into restraint.”

第七十六章 凝气八层！
0075 chapter-76

与此同时，三座山峰的那些筑基修士，原本也都笑呵呵的看着白小纯被追击，他们明白周长老只是吓唬而已，可方才那一瞬，他们看到了白小纯与闪电对抗后，全部都神色一变，想要去阻止，可却察觉白小纯那里什么事都没有。
Moments ago, the Foundation Establishment cultivators of the three mountain peaks had been looking on, smiling with the realization that Elder Zhou was simply trying to frighten Bai Xiaochun. But then Bai Xiaochun suddenly fought back against the lightning, and their expressions flickered. Many were about to intervene, but then they realized that the lightning didn’t harm him at all.

一个个目中顿时露出奇芒。
Strange gleams appeared in their eyes.

“此子不俗！”
“This kid is extraordinary!”

“能在落陈家族众人的追杀中活着回来，这白小纯有其自身惊人之处！”
“No wonder the Luochen Clan couldn’t chase him down and kill him! He has some very unique abilities!”

“是个苗子，或许比上官天佑有所不如，但与吕天磊、周心琪已不相伯仲！”
“This young scion of ours might just be on the same level as Shangguan Tianyou. He’s clearly surpassed Lu Tianlei and Zhou Xinqi already!”

就在众人纷纷暗自点头时，种道山上，掌门郑远东也目露奇芒，方才那一幕他也亲眼看到，实际上在白小纯呼喊时，他就已神识扫过，看到的一切过程。
As they looked on, nodding inwardly, Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong stood atop Mount Daoseed, watching the situation unfold with a strange look in his eyes. Even as Bai Xiaochun cried out at the top of his lungs, Zheng Yuandong was using divine sense to watch everything.

白小纯的表现，让他很是惊奇，也就没有立刻阻拦，想要去看看白小纯还有多少潜力，此刻微微点头，他目中露出赞赏，身体一晃，就出现在了夺命狂奔的白小纯面前。
He was shocked by what he saw Bai Xiaochun doing. Instead of immediately interfering, he waited, hoping to see Bai Xiaochun show off his full potential. Eventually, he began to nod with admiration. Finally, he flickered into motion, appearing directly in front of the madly-fleeing Bai Xiaochun.


As soon as Bai Xiaochun saw Zheng Yuandong, he cried out, “Dear Elder

“掌门亲师兄救命，周长老要杀我，我的小命差点就丢了！”
Brother Sect Leader, Elder Zhou is trying to kill me! My poor little life is on the line!”

白小纯一眼看到郑远东，赶紧上前躲在郑远东身后，眼巴巴的望着郑远东。
Even as the words left his mouth, he dove behind Zheng Yuandong to hide.

郑远东干咳一声，看着白小纯这么一副可怜兮兮的样子，苦笑中抬头，此刻周长老也追了上来，狠狠的瞪了白小纯一眼，向着郑远东抱拳见过。
Zheng Yuandong coughed dryly at Bai Xiaochun’s woeful appearance. Smiling wryly, he looked up at the incoming Elder Zhou, who was glaring fiercely at Bai Xiaochun. A moment later, Elder Zhou came to a stop in front of him, where he clasped hands in greeting.

二人目光对望，彼此都是老狐狸了，立刻就明白了双方的心思，凤鸟是小事，让白小纯在宗门内，多一个害怕的人才是大事。
These two men were wily old foxes, and as soon as their eyes met, they both knew what the other was thinking. Both of them were well aware that Bai Xiaochun’s presence meant that the sect had another fearfully talented person in its ranks. That was something far more important than the trifling incident with the phoenix.

否则的话，单单一个李青候，在的时候还好，出门的话，宗门内还真没谁能降得住白小纯，毕竟他有大功在身，是荣耀弟子，又是掌门师弟。
If Li Qinghou were in the sect, things would have been easier to keep under control. But with him gone, no one in the sect could really control Bai Xiaochun. That was especially true considering his recent achievements, coupled with the fact that he was a Prestige disciple and the Junior Brother of the sect leader.

即便是掌门郑远东去教训，反过头，估计白小纯就会去画像面前哭诉。
Zheng Yuandong was fairly certain that if he tried to punish Bai Xiaochun, Bai Xiaochun would simply go to the portrait of his Master to weep and complain.

“掌门，此事还请不要管，把白小纯交给我吧！”
“Sect Leader,” said Elder Zhou, “please pay no heed to this affair and hand Bai Xiaochun over to me immediately!”

周长老盯着白小纯，脸上露出凶残，还桀桀的笑了一声。
With that, Elder Zhou glared at Bai Xiaochun, chuckling cruelly.

“你的鸟 ”白小纯头皮发麻，正要解释。
Bai Xiaochun’s scalp immediately went numb, and he began to explain, “Your bird”

周长老听到这三个字，脸有些青了，白小纯赶紧收声，委屈的望着郑远东。
As soon as Elder Zhou heard the word ‘bird’, his face began to turn green. Bai Xiaochun immediately bit his tongue and turned his pleading gaze to Zheng Yuandong.

“师兄，我为宗门流过血，我为宗门立过功 ”
“Elder Brother,” he said, “I’ve shed my own blood for the sect, I’ve performed great services”

郑远东面皮抽动，干咳一声。
Zheng Yuandong’s face twitched, and he coughed dryly.

“周长老，此事就算了吧，小纯虽顽劣，可毕竟本性良善，这样吧，若他下次再有什么出格的事情，老夫绝不再阻拦，一并处理如何？”
“Elder Zhou,” he said, “let’s drop this matter. Xiaochun might be a bit naughty and mischievous, but he’s a good person. How about this. If anything like this happens again in the future, I won’t intervene at all, and you can handle the matter any way you see fit.”

周长老露出勉为其难的样子，不甘心的点了点头，告辞离去，临走前，又狠狠的瞪了白小纯一眼。
Elder Zhou looked very torn, but eventually he begrudgingly. Then he took his leave, casting one more glare at Bai Xiaochun as he did. Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and slowly rose to his feet.

白小纯深吸口气，站起身来，脸上露出狐疑，他本就聪明，刚才事情太突然，此刻渐渐也有些反应过来，这里面似乎有些不对劲 只是不太确定，看向掌门时，掌门淡淡开口。
He looked a bit suspicious, he was an intelligent person, and the way things had turned out seemed very sudden. Something seemed off However, he wasn’t completely sure of what it all meant, so he looked over at the sect leader. Zheng Yuandong looked back at him. “Those phoenixes were raised by Elder


Zhou’s former Daoist partner,” he said coolly.

“那几只凤鸟，是周长老曾经的道侣饲养，于一场战役里，他的道侣为了救他而陨落，而周长老九死一生，又痛失爱侣，伤了心神，神智有时会发狂。
“There was a battle once outside the sect in which that Daoist partner died in the process of saving Elder Zhou’s life. Elder Zhou himself barely survived. The pain of losing his

外人只知他痴迷草木，可却不知，他若不去痴迷，就会压制不住杀心发疯，只能借助痴，来缓心神之伤。
Daoist partner harmed his mind, and he nearly went insane. “Most people think he’s merely obsessed with plants and vegetation. What they don't know is that without that obsession, he wouldn’t be able to suppress the insanity within. He uses that obsession to stave off the madness.

所以，你不要去招惹他，一旦他发疯了，我担心来不及去救。”
“In the future, don’t provok e him. If he really goes mad, I might not be able to save you in time.”

郑远东看向白小纯。 白小纯听了这番话，觉得周长老很可怜，随后又感觉背后凉飕飕的，赶紧点头，委屈的开口。
Hearing this, Bai Xiaochun’s spine tingled in fear, and yet, he couldn't help but feel a bit sorry for Elder Zhou. Nodding vigorously, he said, “I really didn't give it the medicine.

“我真的没下药，是他的鸟 他养的鸟诬赖我。”
His thing er, his bird really did steal it from me.” Zheng Yuandong patted Bai Xiaochun’s shoulder.

“万事有因果，不管如何，因既然在你，就不要去思考真相了。”
“Karma exists everywhere. In this case, the Karma was sown by you, so there’s no need to think too much about the details.”

郑远东拍了拍白小纯的肩膀，转身淡然的离去。
With that, Zheng Yuandong turned and left.

白小纯唉声叹气，觉得自己倒霉了，琢磨着以后看到周长老，自己绕着走就是了，这才小心翼翼的回到了香云山，赶紧跑回居所，闭门不出。
Bai Xiaochun sighed at how unlucky he was, and began to contemplate ways to avoid Elder Zhou in the future. Then he cautiously returned to Fragrant Cloud Peak, where he went into seclusion in his residence.

至于那诬赖自己的鸟，他想了想，担心再刺激了周长老，于是咬牙放弃了报复的想法。
As for the thieving bird, Bai Xiaochun decided that considering how he needed to avoid provok ing Elder Zhou, it would be best to cast aside any thoughts of revenge.

“好男不和鸟斗！”
“True men don’t fight with birds!” he told himself to make the decision easier to stomach.

白小纯安慰自己，坐在木屋里，翻出自己炼制的那十几粒紫气升灵丹，回想白天时周长老的出手，他目中露出羡慕。
Sitting there in his log cabin, he produced several of the Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills he had concocted. Thinking back to how Elder Zhou had attacked him during the chase, his eyes gleamed with envy.

“筑基修士就是厉害，都差点把我打的吐血，还好我有不死皮。”
“Foundation Establishment cultivators are pretty incredible,” he thought, sighing. “He almost made me cough up some blood. Thankfully I have my Undying Skin.”

白小纯感慨唏嘘，看了看那些紫气升灵丹，又检查了一下四周，确定安全后，取出了龟纹锅，开始炼灵。
With another glance at the Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills, he looked around furtively to make sure he was alone, and then produced the turtle-wok to perform some spirit enhancements.

很快的，他就把这所有的丹药，都炼灵了三次，看着那一颗颗丹药上快速黯淡的银纹，白小纯叹了口气。
Soon, all of the pills had received threefold enhancements, and contained faint silver designs on their surfaces. Bai Xiaochun sighed again.

“要是有四色火的材料就好了。”
“If only I had some fuel to make four-colored flame."

他也暗中打听了关于四色火的材料，宗门内不是没有，但却很少，需要的贡献点也是极大，毕竟无论是一些特殊的炼药还是修行火道之法，四色火都极为不俗。
Based on some discreet inquiries he'd made earlier, he knew that the sect did have fuel to make four- colored flame. However, it wasn’t very plentiful, and required an incredible amount of merit points to acquire. With the exception of certain unique medicines, or certain cultivation practices related to fire, it was rare to ever need four-colored flame.

至于山下坊市，平日里不可能有卖，唯独一年一次的拍卖会，偶尔才有四色火的材料出现，但也稀少。
It was generally impossible to procure such fuel from the market at the bottom of the mountain, the only place it usually appeared was at auction, and even then, it wasn’t commonly seen.

“灵尾也不多了。”
“I'm running low on spirit tails too,” he thought.

白小纯检查了一下剩余的灵尾，半晌后吞下一粒紫气升灵丹，开始修行。
After some more thought, he finally poppe d one of the Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills into his mouth and began to cultivate.


Days passed.

时间一天天过去，白小纯每天都在修行，随着一颗颗紫气升灵丹都被他吞下，他的修为也飞快的增加，当丹药全部吃完后，这一天深夜，外面云层厚厚，盖住了明月，木屋内，白小纯全身猛地轰鸣，这声音没有传出，而是在他的体内回荡。
Bai Xiaochun practiced cultivation the entire time, occasionally consuming Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills as he did. His cultivation rapidly progressed until eventually, he ran out of pills. It happened late at night, when the clouds filled the sky obscuring the moon. Inside, rumbling could be heard, not within the cabin itself, but inside Bai

他全身震动，体内的灵力在这一瞬从全身无数位置汇聚，形成了一条大河，如同河龙，游走全身时一路轰开了无数经脉。
Xiaochun’s body . He began to shake as spiritual power built up inside of him, becoming a vast, dragon-like river that raged through all of his qi vessels.

当完整的一个循环结束时，体内灵力大范围的膨胀，竟比之前多了不少，阵阵污垢从他全身汗毛孔出现，一股轻灵之感，化作了阵阵舒爽，让白小纯精神一振，双眼蓦然睁开，他的目中有一抹精芒，在这黑夜里如同明火，极为醒目。
After completing a full cycle within him, his overall spiritual power expanded, surpassing his previous limit significantly. Filth oozed out from the pores all over his body , and an invigorating sense of buoyancy filled him. Enlivened, his eyes snapped open, and they shone like beacons in the dark of night.

“凝气八层！”
“The eighth level of Qi Condensation!”

白小纯哈哈一笑，起身在院子里冲洗身体，他来到灵溪宗已有数年，身体看起来结实了不少，只是个头没长太多，这让他有些郁闷。
Laughing heartily, he rushed out of his courtyard to wash off. He had been in the Spirit Stream Sect for years now, and although he was a lot tougher, he hadn’t grown much physically, which left him feeling a bit depressed.

不过好在模样没什么变化，还是白白净净，瘦瘦小小。
In terms of his overall appearance, he was still just as pure and fair, and just as skinny.

“凝气八层后，我的驭物也相应的强了很多。”
“Now that I'm in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, my controlling arts should be much more powerful.”

白小纯右手抬起一指远处大石，此石瞬间飞起，按照白小纯的心念，时快时慢，于举重若轻与举轻若重之间快速相互转化。
He waved his finger at a nearby boulder, which subsequently flew up into the air. In accord with Bai Xiaochun’s will, it sped up, then slowed down as he experimented with both Lightness-in- Heaviness and Heaviness-in-Lightness.

“不过我最感兴趣的，还是当日与陈恒一战时，无意中展开的 驭人！”
“What I’m most interested in, however, is what I accidentally unleashed when fighting Chen Heng the Human Controlling Grand Magic!”

白小纯目中露出明亮之芒，可惜尝试之下，却总是不得要领，毕竟人与物完全不同，许久，白小纯将这个念头压在了心底。
Eyes shining with a bright light, Bai Xiaochun experimented a bit more, but made little progress. After all, controlling inanimate objects and controlling people were two different things. Finally, he decided to abandon the idea for the time being. Later, back in his courtyard, he stood t here contemplating the matter.

“紫气驭鼎功法上曾说，若修到了第八层，可以凝聚出威力更大的中品紫气化鼎出来。”
“In the description of the Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning art, it says that once you cultivate all the way to the eighth level, you can utilize a mid-grade version of Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning.”

白小纯站在院子里，沉吟片刻，双手掐诀，向前一指。 瞬间丝丝紫气刹那出现，也就是两个呼吸的时间，就在他的面前凝聚出了一尊紫色的大鼎。
With that, he performed a double-handed incantation gesture and waved his finger. Violet qi swirled about, and after two breaths of time passed, a large violet cauldron appeared in front of him.

在时间上，比之前快了一倍以上。
This time, it went much faster than before, at least twice as fast!

而且这大鼎明显与曾经不一样，不再是模糊，看起来很是清晰，甚至连上面的凹凸符文，也都清晰无比。
Furthermore, it was larger than before, and it was much more corporeal. It was so clear that various magical symbols could be seen engraved on the surface of the cauldron.

一股惊人的威压，从这大鼎上扩散开来，白小纯目露奇芒，感觉到了这大鼎的不凡。
From the terrifying pressure that radiated from the large cauldron, Bai Xiaochun could tell that it was anything but ordinary.

“威力也比之前大了好多！”
“That pressure is far more pow erful than before!”

白小纯感受了一些体内的修为，他之前释放一次紫气化鼎后，体内灵力会失去大半，需要修行一段时间才可继续施展。
He quickly probed his cultivation base, when he used Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning in the past, it drew significantly on his spiritual power, and would require a lot of cultivation to recover from afterward.

可眼下，他发现自己体内的灵气，竟还有七成多的样子。
But now, he still retained about seventy percent of his internal spiritual energy.

“可以施展三次！”
“I can use it three times in a row!”

白小纯惊喜，消散了紫鼎后，取出金乌剑，化作金光，踏金乌飞出香云山，直奔山门外。
Elated, he dispersed the violet cauldron and pulled out the Golden Crow Sword. As the golden light spread, he stepped onto the golden crow, and then flew out of the sect.

到了外面丛林时，天空渐渐雷霆闷响，似有暴雨正在酝酿，白小纯看了速变化的天色，觉得有些危险，于是赶紧站在半空中掐诀，紫鼎再次出现，向不远处的山石一指，紫鼎嗡鸣而去，狠狠一砸。
Soon he was in the jungle outside of the sect. Up above , the sky rumbled with thunder, as though a storm were brewing. Sensing the impending danger of the storm, Bai Xiaochun quickly stopped in place and performed an incantation gesture, once again summoning the violet cauldron. Waving his finger, he sent it smashing into a nearby boulder.

巨响传出，地面都震动了一下，无数鸟兽惊醒时，地面出现了一个深坑，四周的边缘还有无数裂痕，蔓延足有十丈范围。
A boom echoed out, and the ground trembled, startling countless birds and animals. A crater appeared, with crevices snaking out from it for thirty meters in all directions.

“这么强！”
“So pow erful!” he said with a gasp.

白小纯深吸口气，他衡量了一下，此刻的自己，以不死银皮与这紫气化鼎，若与陈恒交战，估计不需太费力，就可将其直接灭杀。
After measuring himself up, he was sure that with his Undying Silver Skin and Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning, if he had to fight Chen Heng again, it wouldn’t take much effort on his part to wipe him out. “Or maybe not” he thought after a bit of hesitation. After all, fighting Chen

“还是算了 ”白小纯迟疑了一下，觉得这样的话，不保险，越级拼命的事情，他可不想再做了，之前拼了一次，小命差一点就丢了，他觉得自己的敌人，应该是放在凝气七层以下，才最稳妥。
Heng would still be quite dangerous, and would be best avoided. He could still lose his poor little life. The best thing would be to fight only enemies in the seventh level of Qi Condensation.

“我白小纯弹指间，凝气一层到凝气七层的强敌，灰飞烟灭。”
“With the snap of a finger, I, Bai Xiaochun, could easily turn anyone from the first to the seventh level of Qi Condensation into ash!”

白小纯傲然的小袖一甩，遗憾四周没有篱笆墙，于是只能站在金乌剑上，抬起下巴，看着天空的乌云，一副高手寂寞的模样，转身操控金乌剑，保持这么一个动作，飞向宗门。
He flicked his sleeve proudly, but unfortunately, there was no nearby fence to stand on. He was forced to remain on the Golden Crow Sword, sticking his chin up, looking up at the clouds like a lonely hero. Finally, he turned the Golden Crow Sword around and headed back toward the sect.

就在这时，突然的 云层内无数闪电被半空中的金乌剑吸引，化作一条条银蛇，瞬间直奔白小纯而去
However, it was at this point that countless lightning bolts formed overhead. Attracted by the Golden Crow Sword, they began to descend toward Bai Xiaochun like silver snakes

白小纯立刻睁大眼。 不多时，远远地，传来雷鸣以及白小纯的惨叫
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes went wide, and moments later, agonized screams could be heard amidst the crash of thunder.

第七十七章 拍卖会
0076 chapter-77

不多时，香云山上，白小纯一瘸一拐，头发都竖起来了，脸上有些发黑，心有余悸的爬回了院子里，一想到方才无数的闪电追着自己，他就心底一颤，立刻发誓，以后绝不在雷雨天，御剑飞行。
Soon after, Bai Xiaochun hobbled back to Fragrant Cloud Peak, hair standing on end, face smudged with ash. Heart pounding with residual fear, he crawled back into his courtyard and thought back to the rain of lightning he had just passed through, and shivered. Then he swore an oath to never again fly on a sword through a thunderstorm.

这不是飞行，这是去玩命！
That wasn't flying, that was risking one's life!

木屋内，白小纯呲牙咧嘴，好半晌才定下心神，盘膝坐在床上，看着窗外的风雨，他体内修为正缓缓游走，流转全身。
Back in his log cabin, he grimaced in pain for quite some time before composing himself. Sitting down cross-legged on his bed, he looked at the rain falling outside, and then slowly rotated his cultivation base.

“二阶灵药，适合凝气八层以下，想要继续提升修为，只有炼制出三阶灵药。”
“Tier-2 spirit medicines are appropriate for the eighth level of Qi Condensation and lower. If I want to raise my cultivation base any further, I really need to concoct some tier-3 spirit medicine.”

白小纯拄着下巴沉吟。
Resting his chin on his hand, he pondered the matter.

“三阶灵药难度一定极高，要将二阶灵药大量的熟悉后，才会稳妥，否则的话，根基不稳，成功的把握不大。”
“Tier-3 spirit medicines are even harder to concoct. The only way to do it with confidence is to first be very familiar with numerous tier-2 spirit medicines. Without a stable foundation, the chances of success are small.”

白小纯打开储物袋，看了一下自己的积蓄，叹了口气，他之前凭着荣耀弟子的身份，收了不少礼物。
With that, he opened his bag of holding and examined his current accumulation of resources. The result was a long sigh.

只是这段日子的炼药，耗费一样恐怖，尽管他的炼丹习惯很是节省，可依旧是此刻积蓄减少了很多。
Although he had collected quite a few gifts due to his status as a Prestige disciple, he had consumed a terrifying amount of ingredients in his pill-concocting efforts recently. The result was that his stores were running low.

“这样下去不行呀，总有用完的时候。” 白小纯低头冥思苦想。
“I can’t keep going on this way,” he said, bowing his head thoughtfully. “I’ll definitely run out!

“我现在是很厉害的药徒了，我可以去卖自己炼的药呀。”
I'm already a pretty incredible journeyman apothecary. Maybe I should try to sell some medicine.”

白小纯想到这里，立刻振奋，等到第二天清晨，外面雨水停了，他立刻离开居所，去山下坊市打探一番，了解了一下丹药的价格后，又买下了大量的药草，甚至还拿着贡献去宗门换了一部分。
That thought started to get him excited. By the next morning, the rain had stopped, and he left his residence to go to the market and ask some questions. After getting a clearer idea of the prices of various medicinal pills, he bought a huge batch of medicinal plants, and then went to the sect to buy more with merit points.

随后回到了炼药阁，开始炼药。
Finally, he took another trip to the Medicine Concocting Pavilion to begin working.

他没有炼制二阶丹药，虽价格更高，可消耗不小，且白小纯知道自己的习惯，一旦炼药，时间太久。
Although tier-2 medicinal pills would fetch a high price, they consumed a lot of ingredients. Furthermore, considering the way he concocted, they wouldn’t be the best use of his time.

所以他选择自己最熟悉的一阶丹药，数日后炼制了三种分别粒的灵药，还有两根灵香，这才下山去了坊市。
Therefore, he chose to concoct some tier-1 medicines that he was more familiar with. Over the course of the following days, he produced three different types of spirit medicines, each batch of which produced eight or nine pills. He also made two sticks of spirit incense. With that accomplished, he headed back to the market.

灵溪宗南岸下的坊市规模不大，除了宗门的长辈以及一些有实力的内门弟子可以拥有店铺外，大都是东林洲的修真家族开设。
The south bank market wasn’t very large. Other than a few shops set up by Inner Sect disciples and other senior members of the sect, most of the establishments were run by various cultivator clans from other parts of the


Eastwood C ontinent.

如同一个小镇子一样，平日里灵溪宗南岸三山的内外门弟子在这里进进出出，很是热闹，白小纯来这里已好多次，此刻熟门熟路的走在坊市内，进了一间药铺内，干咳一声，立刻药铺中的伙计连忙上前。
It was like a little town, bustling mostly with Outer Sect disciples from the three mountain peaks. Having been there on numerous occasions, Bai Xiaochun was quite familiar with the place. After finding the shop he was looking for, he entered and cleared his throat, whereupon a salesperson approached.

“把你们家的掌柜的喊来，这一次我除了采购药草，还要卖一些丹药。”
“Call the shop owner out,” Bai Xiaochun said. “In addition to buying some ingredients, this time I want to sell some medicinal pills!”

白小纯坐在椅子上，笑眯眯的说道。
With that, he sat down in a chair, smiling so broadly that his eyes turned into slits.

时间不长，一个穿着紫色长袍的中年男子，快步走来，看到白小纯后脸上露出笑容。
A short time later, a middle-aged man wearing a long violet robe walked up. When he saw that it was Bai Xiaochun, he smiled.

“白道友，在下孙尘，早就听说白道友诸多辉煌之事，因担心打扰道友，没有主动去拜会，莫怪莫怪。”
“Fellow Daoist Bai, I am your humble servant Sun Chen,” he said, clasping hands. “I’ve heard many stories about you, Fellow Daoist Bai, but was always worried about disturbing your peace, so I never went to offer formal greetings. I truly regret that now.”

这中年男子笑容可掬，坐在了白小纯的身边，抱拳说道，对于白小纯这里，他不敢得罪，知道对方在宗门内地位超然，尤其是那荣耀弟子的身份，让他所在的家族，哪怕有掌门的百年之约，也依旧想要讨好。
Beaming, Sun Chen sat down across from Bai Xiaochun. Well aware of Bai Xiaochun’s high position in the sect, he had no desire to offend him. Furthermore, the fact that he was a Prestige disciple meant that the Sun Clan still wanted to get on Bai Xiaochun’s good side, despite the hundred-year-prohibition set in place by the sect leader.

白小纯哈哈一笑，与这中年男子客套一番，这才取出了三个药瓶与那两根灵香，放在了桌子上。
Bai Xiaochun laughed heartily and then exchanged some pleasantries. Next, he pulled out three bottles of medicinal pills and two sticks of incense, which he placed on the table between them.

“孙道友估个价吧。” 白小纯抬起下巴。
Sticking his chin up, he asked, “Fellow Daoist Sun, how much do you think these are worth?”

孙尘含笑拿起这些丹药，一个个看过后，神色露出惊讶，这些一阶丹药虽都是下品，杂质占据八成一二，可却无限的接近中品，不像是他们之前收购的丹药，一样是下品，可杂质却八成四五的样子。
Sun Chen picked up the medicinal pills, and after examining them, seemed pleasantly surprised. Although they were low-grade tier-1 medicinal pills, they had an impurity level of only about eighty-one or eighty-two percent, placing them very close to the mid-grade level. The pills usually acquired by the shop tended to be low-grade pills with impurity levels of eighty-four or eighty-five percent.


Looking up at Bai Xiaochun with shining eyes, he said, “Brother Bai, your

“白兄药道精湛，这些灵药我孙家全要了，这样吧，作价一百二十灵石，如何？”
Dao of medicine is quite refined. We would love to purchase all of your spirit medicines. How about we offer you 120 spirit stones? What do you say?”

孙尘抬头看了白小纯一眼，双眼渐渐明亮。
Bai Xiaochun was instantly delighted.

白小纯顿时惊喜，这价格，差不多是一粒灵药相当于四块灵石了，已经是一阶下品丹药里最高的了。
That price was almost four spirit stones per medicinal pill, which was just about the highest price possible for low-grade tier-1 medicinal pills.

实际上成本，平均下来一粒丹药也就是一块半灵石而已。
Actually, the production cost for such a pill was, on average, only about half a spirit stone.

带着愉悦的心情，白小纯与孙陈交接一番，孙尘有心示好之下，二人相谈甚欢，到了最后约定再有丹药也送来后，白小纯没有要灵石，而是换取了等同的草药，这才心满意足的离去。
Thrilled, the two of them completed the transaction and then continued to chat a bit. Eventually they came to an agreement, as long as Bai Xiaochun continued to supply the shop with medicinal pills, he could acquire ingredients without handing over any spirit stones. In the end, Bai Xiaochun left feeling very pleased.

时间流逝，很快过去了数月，白小纯这数月里，除了炼制一阶灵药去卖，换来了大量的草药外，还在不断的熟悉各种二阶灵药的炼制。
More time passed. Months went by in a flash, during which time Bai Xiaochun continuously concocted tier-1 spirit medicines to sell in exchange for ingredients. He also spent time familiarizing himself with tier-2 spirit medicines.

渐渐地，他对于炼制二阶灵药更为熟练了。
Gradually, he grew more and more adept.

同时与孙家药铺的合作，也越发的稳固，他的丹药几乎全部被孙家药铺买走，这一日，白小纯在孙家药铺内，拿出几瓶灵药，换来草木后，与孙尘聊天时，孙尘感慨的说了一句。
At the same time, his relationship with the Sun Clan’s medicine shop grew more stable. The Sun Clan bought virtually all of his medicinal pills. One day during the course of doing business, Sun Chen took a few bottles of medicinal pills and handed some plant ingredients over to Bai Xiaochun.

“白兄，以你的炼药造诣，何不炼制一些二阶灵药，三个月后就是此地数年一次的百家拍卖，若白兄能在那个时候炼出二阶灵药，孙某可安排上拍卖，价格一定会多不少。”
As they chatted, Sun Clan sighed and said, “Brother Bai, considering your skill in medicine concocting, why don’t you concoct some tier-2 spirit medicine? Every few years a hundred clans auction is held, and as of today, it’s only about three months away. If you concocted some tier-2 spirit medicine, I could help you put some of it up for auction. I'm sure you’d get a great price.”

孙尘望着白小纯，这几个月的接触，他发现白小纯性格非常开朗，且做人圆滑，相互结交很是愉快，于是建议道。
After their months of doing business together, Sun Chen had come to find that Bai Xiaochun was cheerful and charismatic, and quite the joy to interact with, which was why he was being so helpful.

白小纯也听说过这数年一次的百家拍卖，那是东林洲内百个修真家族，一起举行的拍卖会，一共举办三场，第一场选择在北岸坊市，第二场则是在南岸坊市，最后一场是在东林洲内最大的修士城池东林城举行。
Bai Xiaochun had also heard of the hundred clans auction, which was arranged by roughly a hundred of the cultivator clans from the Eastwood Continent. There were three locations where the auctions would be held. One was in the north bank market, the second was the south bank market, and the third was in the largest city of cultivators on the continent, Eastwood C ity.

白小纯在灵溪宗数年，之前这拍卖曾举办了一次，可那个时候他刚刚成为外门弟子，忙着偷吃灵尾鸡，对拍卖没有兴趣。
Bai Xiaochun had been in the Spirit Stream Sect for several years already, and the last auction had been held around the time he had first joined the Outer Sect. Back then, he had been mostly focused on stealing spirit tail chickens, and hadn’t been interested in auctions.

此刻沉吟一二，白小纯有些心动，打听了一下拍卖会在南岸举办的时间后，白小纯与孙尘告辞，回到了炼药阁，盘膝坐在那里想了想，有了决断。
His interest having been piqued, he asked a few questions about when exactly the south bank auction would be held, and then finally took his leave. After returning to the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, he sat down cross- legged to think for a while before finally making a decision.

“孙尘说的有道理，与其这样去一点点卖出，不如趁这个机会，一下子卖出一个好价格，这样就可以换来更珍惜的草木。”
“What Sun Chen said makes sense. Instead of selling a little bit here and there, I might as well take advantage of the situation to sell something really expensive. Afterward, I can purchase a whole bunch of ingredients.”

白小纯想到这里，脑海浮现二阶灵药，最终选择了 他最熟悉的紫气升灵丹。
After considering things, he thought of some various tier-2 spirit medicines, and finally decided to concoct the one he was most familiar with, the Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pill.

在这决心下，白小纯闭关炼药阁，炼制紫气升灵丹，时间流逝，两个月后，随着白小纯将换来的炼制丹药的草木耗费的七七八八，他已炼出了整整三瓶紫气升灵丹，每一瓶都是十粒。
Having made his decision, he went into seclusion at the Medicine Concocting Pavilion and began to work on concocting Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills. Two months went by. After exchanging all of the medicinal pills he could for ingredients, he was able to concoct three bottles of Violet Qi Spirit

尤其是其中有一粒，颜色与其他丹药的淡紫色不大一样，它是深紫色，药香不浓，如内敛不外散。
Ascension Pills, each one containing ten pills. He also ended up with one pill whose color was different from the other light violet pills. This pill was dark violet, and didn’t have a very strong medicinal aroma, as if it refused to let such an aroma waft out from within it.

这一粒丹药在炼制时，白小纯面前的丹炉都明显震动的与平时不同，甚至地火都一下子膨胀起来。
When that particular medicinal pill had emerged, the pill furnace had shaken in a way that was clearly different than the previous times. It was even been accompanied by a burst of earthflame.

此刻他拿着这深紫色的灵药，放在面前看去时，目中露出得意与激动。
Upon closer examination of the pill, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes gleamed with excitement.

“中品！
“Mid-grade!

我白小纯终于又炼制出了一枚中品的灵药！”
I, Bai Xiaochun, have finally concocted a mid-grade spirit medicine!

“中品灵药，怕是拍卖会上也不多见，不过想要达到轰动的效果，还是差了一些 毕竟这拍卖会数年一次，奇珍异宝不少。”
“There probably won’t be very many mid-grade spirit medicines at the auction. However, if I really want to cause a stir, I’ll have to do better than this. After all this auction only happens once every few years. There will surely be plenty of rare items up for sale.”

白小纯思索片刻，一咬牙，取出龟纹锅，开始炼灵。
After some thought, he gritted his teeth and then took out the turtle-wok to perform a spirit enhancement.

三次之后，银光闪耀，灵药不再是中品，而是突破佳品，成为了 优品！
After the threefold enhancement was completed, silver light glittered, and the spirit medicine was no longer mid-grade. It had broken all the way past superior-grade to be premium-grade!

这种优品，已是惊人，杂质只有一成多。
This type of premium-grade pill was quite shocking, with an impurity level of only ten percent or so.

白小纯神色满意，望着手中的优品紫气升灵丹，此丹的颜色已近乎黑色，上面三道灵纹虽黯淡，可一样明显，使人一眼看去，就能看出这丹药的非凡。
Bai Xiaochun was very pleased. The Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pill resting in his hand was now so dark it was almost black. It had three spirit designs on its surface, which were faint but clearly visible, anyone who laid eyes on the pill would be able to tell that it was something extraordinary.

看着手中的丹药，白小纯忽然觉得自己又找了一个可以名传天下的方式，得意的大笑起来，拿出一把小刀，在这丹药上，画下了一个 好看的小乌龟。
Bai Xiaochun suddenly had the feeling that this pill was another tool he could use to become famous. Laughing proudly, he pulled out a little knife and carved a picture onto it a lovely little turtle.

“龟爷再出江湖！”
“Lord Turtle will once again make an appearance!”

白小纯振奋的起身，目中露出期待。
Bai Xiaochun rose to his feet in excitement and anticipation.

拿着丹药，白小纯下了山，一个时辰后归来时，他神清气爽，神色得意，脑海里浮现方才孙尘在看到自己拿出了三瓶紫气升灵丹时的吃惊，还有当他拿出那枚炼灵三次的优品灵药时，对方那仿佛下巴都快要掉下来，目瞪口呆震撼的样子。
He took his medicinal pills out of the sect, and returned two hours later in high spirits, looking very pleased with himself. He could still picture the shock on Sun Chen’s face the moment he saw the three bottles of Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills. The moment he noticed that there was also a premium-grade spirit medicine which had received a threefold spirit enhancement, his jaw had nearly dropped to the floor in astonishment.

“就等一个月后的拍卖了。” 白小纯看着手中的一块玉牌，这是参加拍卖会的资格牌，拿着此物，就可以去参加拍卖会。
“Only one more month to go until the auction,” Bai Xiaochun thought, looking at the jade slip he held, which was his ticket to the auction itself.

这段日子，宗门内众人的话题，也渐渐提到了拍卖会，很快的，南岸三山的弟子，纷纷筹备，打算在拍卖会上碰碰运气，于是山下的坊市，比以往更热闹了
Throughout the following days, everyone was talking about the auction. Soon, the disciples of the three mountain peaks on the southern bank began to make various preparations, hoping to strike it lucky at the auction. The market also thrummed with activity.

“我听家族里在北岸的族兄说了，在他们那边举办的第一场拍卖里，竟出现了黄泉火！
“One of my clanmates from the north bank said that in the last auction, a Yellow Springs Flame went up for sale, a legendary item!

那可是传说之物，哪怕只是一个火苗，都堪称异宝，被北岸的一位弟子重金买走。”
It was only a spark, but could still be considered a unique treasure. One of the disciples from the north bank bought it at an exorbitant price.”

“这一次上百修真家族的拍卖会，奇珍异宝不少，尤其是丹药，更是惊人，想来应该是因南北两岸半甲子一次的外门天骄战就要开始导致！”
“There should be tons of unique treasures up for sale at this hundred clans auction, including a lot of shocking medicinal pills. That’s because the Outer Sect Chosen battles will be coming up. They only happen once every thirty years!”

“应该就是这个原因，南北两岸外门天骄战，那是我灵溪宗的盛事，可恨我南岸多少年来，在前十的抉择上始终不如北岸！
“You’re probably right. The joint north and south bank Outer Sect Chosen battles are a grand occasion for the entire Spirit Stream Sect. It's too bad that the top ten from the south bank haven’t been able to match up to the north bank for years now!

不知这一次抉择出的我南岸前十，是否可以一雪前耻！”
I wonder if one of the south bank's top ten will be able to get revenge this year?”

在之后的一个月，有关拍卖会的讨论，在宗门内越来越多，白小纯也听说了不少，尤其是那南北两岸的外门天骄战，他也有耳闻，可却没放在心上。
Over the following month, talk of the auction grew more and more common throughout the sect. Bai Xiaochun heard much of the talk, and noticed a lot of people discussing the joint north and south bank Outer Sect Chosen battles. However, he didn’t pay much attention to such talk.

很快一个月过去，这一天清晨，白小纯正在打坐，忽然双眼睁开，右手一模储物袋，手中出现了一枚正在发光的玉简。
Soon, the month had passed. One morning at dawn when Bai Xiaochun was meditating, his eyes suddenly opened, and he pulled a glowing jade slip out of his bag of holding.

“拍卖会要开始了。”
“The auction is going to start,” he thought, eyes shining with anticipation.

他目中露出期待，赶紧走出院子，飞奔下山，一路上看到不少外门弟子的身影，天上还有一道道长虹呼啸而过。
He quickly hurried out of his courtyard and raced down the mountain. Along the way, he passed quite a few Outer Sect disciples, until he noticed a few beams of light speeding by over head.

白小纯一拍额头，想起自己也会飞，于是赶紧掐诀一指，顿时金乌剑出现，踏着金乌，他化作一道金光，冲天而起，急速远去。
He smacked his own forehead at the realization that he'd forgotten about being able to fly. Quickly performing an incantation gesture, he summoned the Golden Crow Sword. Stepping onto the golden crow, he transformed into a beam of golden light that shot off into the distance.

很快到了坊市，他昂首挺胸，抬起小脑袋，走入了拍卖阁。
He soon reached the market. Head high and chest out, he entered the auction pavilion.

拍卖阁极大，大厅有数千个座位，甚至后方还有大片区域，虽没有座位，可也是人山人海，至于白小纯，他几乎刚一进来，就立刻被等待那里的孙尘接走，从另外的路走入到了二层，进入了一个单独的房间后，孙尘告退。
It was a huge structure, with several thousand seats set up on the auction floor, as well as an open area behind the seats where a crowd of people stood, pa cked together tightly. As for Bai Xiaochun, he was whisked away by Sun Chen, who took him to a private room on the second floor, and then left.

这房间不大，对面中空，有一个凉台，下方就是大厅，可以清晰的看到拍卖台。
The room was relatively small, with a narrow balcony, beneath which was the main auction floor. The auction stage was also clearly visible.

这么热闹的场景，白小纯还是首次遇到，此刻不像其他筑基修士那样在房间里不出，而是于凉台处露出半个身子，生怕没人认出自己，不断地咳嗽。
This was not Bai Xiaochun’s first time being present for such a lively affair. Instead of behaving like the Foundation Establishment cultivators in the other private rooms, who stayed out of sight, Bai Xiaochun made sure to lean out of the balcony. Worried that people might not notice him, he began to clear his throat as loudly as possible.

渐渐地，下方的人群里，有一些人看到了白小纯，一个个神色古怪，纷纷收回目光。
Soon, some people down below saw him, casting odd glances at him before turning away.

只是这里人太多了，白小纯就算是再去咳嗽，也传不开太远，他遥遥的看到了侯小妹，还有周心琪等人，可距离太远，没注意他这里。
Unfortunately, there were simply too many people present, so no matter how loudly he cleared his throat, the sound would only go so far. Off in the distance, he caught sight of Hou Xiaomei, as well as Zhou Xinqi and some of the other people he knew. However, they were too far away to notice him.

白小纯喊了半天，最终郁闷，失去了兴趣，毕竟半个身子伸出，也是挺累的 尤其是他担心万一自己不小心掉下去 怕是不到第二天，南岸无数人就会知道了。
Even after yelling at the top of his lungs, they didn't turn his way, and he started to get a bit depressed. Finally, he lost interest. In any case, sticking himself out of the balcony was a bit tiring Furthermore, there was always the danger of accidentally falling If that happened, then it would only take a day for everyone on the entire south bank to hear about it.

时间不长，此地来人越来越多，半个时辰后，一声清脆的鼎音回荡，四周渐渐安静，无数的目光在这一瞬，全部集中在了拍卖台上。
Time passed, and more people showed up. After about an hour, the sound of a cauldron being struck rung out, and everything went quiet. Countless eyes were all fixed on the auction stage.

一个穿着青衫的中年男子，含笑走了出来，站在那里向着四周一抱拳。
Soon, a middle-aged man in a green garment appeared. Smiling, he stood there and greeted everyone with clasped hands.

“在下钱颂，想必有不少道友认识钱某，这一次的拍卖，就由钱某主持，规矩依旧，价高者得。”
“I am your humble servant Qian Song. I presume many of you Fellow Daoists are already familiar with me. I will be presiding over the auction today. The rules are the same as ever, all lots go to the highest bidder.”

他言辞简单，说完右手抬起一挥，立刻拍卖台上瞬间出现了一道光门。
Without any further ado, he waved his right hand, and a glowing door rose up on the auction stage.

一个妙龄女子走出，手中拿着一个托盘，上面放着一块由无数的铁块组成的不规则的石头。
A young woman emerged, holding a platter, atop which was an oddly shaped rock formed of various metals.

在光芒中一晃，折射出五彩缤纷之芒，看的四周数千人，纷纷眼睛一亮，更有一些露出惊喜。
The rock glowed with garish, multicolored light that reflected within the excited, shocked eyes of the thousands of auction attendees.

白小纯也仔细的看去，没认出是什么，可看那些惊喜之人的神情，似乎是很了不得之物。
Bai Xiaochun looked closely at the rock but couldn’t quite tell what it was. However, other people in the crowd seemed to know exactly what it was, and were already getting excited. When Qian Song spoke, his voice was soft, but he boos ted it with his Foundation Establishment cultivation base, ensuring that it spread out for all to hear.

“第一件拍卖品，金精铁，低价三百灵石，每次开价不少于五十灵！”
“Lot one is a piece of Auric Ore. Minimum bid, 300 spirit stones. Bid increment is a minimum of 50 s pirit stones!”

钱颂微微开口，一股筑基的修为，推动他的声音传遍四方。


“三百五十灵石！” 很快的，就有人开口。
“350 s pirit stones!” someone cried out.

“四百！”
“400!”

几乎在第一个价格出现的同时，立刻有人竞价，很快就将价格喊到了七百灵石，被一位紫鼎山的内门弟子买走。
Almost as soon as the first bid came out, another toppe d it. Before long, the price reached 700 spirit stones, and the item was sold to a disciple from Violet Cauldron Peak.

白小纯睁大了眼，他看着那块铁，想不明白此物为何居然值七百灵石，同时他也发现，在拍卖开始后，似乎此地有阵法存在，可以让开出价格的人，他的声音扩大不少。
Bai Xiaochun looked at the piece of ore with wide eyes, trying to figure out why it could possibly be worth 700 spirit stones. Another thing he'd noticed was that after the auction had begun, a spell formation had been activated which amplified the voices of anyone calling out bids.

“一块破铁而已。” 白小纯有些酸酸的，坐在一旁观望。
“It’s just a piece of metal,” he thought a bit sourly as he sat there watching.

很快的，一件件拍卖物陆续被买走，尤其是一块绿色的虬角，似被雷霹过，隐隐似乎在上面还能看到微弱的弧形电光，此物竟直接卖出了八千灵石的价格，看的白小纯心惊肉跳。
More items appeared and were sold. One of them was a green horn from a juvenile dragon, which had apparently been struck by lightning, leaving sparks of electricity coursing along its surface. It fetched a price of 8,000 spirit stones, which left Bai Xiaochun completely shaken.

直至拍卖进行了大半个时辰后，钱颂的声音回荡。
After the auction had been going for about an hour, Qian Song’s voice rang out with the following words “The next lot is a bottle of tier-2 spirit medicine.

“现在拍卖的，是一瓶二阶灵药，紫气升灵丹，一共十粒，品质无限接近中品，杂质控制在八成一之内，低价一百灵石，每次开价不少于十灵。”
Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills, a total of ten. They are close to mid-grade, with an impurity level of eighty-one percent. Minimum price, 100 spirit stones. Bid increment is a minimum of 10 s pirit stones.”

听到这里，白小纯立刻精神抖擞，赶紧探头眼巴巴的望着，心里患得患失，恨不能所有人都开价。
Bai Xiaochun instantly perked up, and stared out at the auction floor in anticipation. Thinking nervously about how much he might make, he waited for someone to call out a bid.

可却不知为何，四周有些冷场，白小纯心里咯噔一声，又等了一会，这才有人开价。
However, for some reason, the only thing that met his ears was silence. Even as his heart began to pou nd, someone called out an opening bid.

“一百一十灵石。”
“110 spirit stones.”

开出价格的是一个外门弟子，这几乎是他全部的积蓄了，此刻说完，紧张的看着四周。
The bidder was an Outer Sect disciple, and the amount bid was apparently all of his savings. After calling out the bid he stared around nervously.

可白小纯更紧张，这一瓶紫气升灵丹，成本就足有五十灵石了，放在坊市去卖，也能卖出一百五六的样子。
However, Bai Xiaochun was even more nervous than he was. That bottle of Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pills had cost him about 50 spirit stones to manufacture, and if he sold it at the market, would fetch a price of 150 or 160.

此刻他哭丧着脸，有些傻眼。
At the moment, all he could do w as scowl at the audience in astonishment.

好在当钱颂要定板时，终于又有人开出价格，最后零零散散的，把价格推到了一百八十灵后结束。
Just when Qian Song was about to strike down with the auction hammer, someone else called out another price. Then, more people jumped in. In the end, the price jumped all the way to 180 s pirit stones.

“一百八十灵石也不错了，比在坊市多了二十个。”
“180 spirit stones isn’t bad. That’s about 20 higher than at the market.”

白小纯这才松了口气，擦去额头的汗水，安慰自己，实际上这个价格已经不少了，只是与前面的那些珍贵之物比较，难免会有些落差。
Sighing in relief, he wiped the sweat from his brow. The truth was, the price the bottle had fetched earned him a tidy profit, although it didn’t come close to the value of some of the other precious items which had gone up for bid so far.

很快白小纯的第二瓶灵药也被卖出，价格略高了一些，二百个灵石，这让白小纯有些惊喜。
Soon, his second bottle went up, and ended up selling for a slightly higher price, 200 s pirit stones. Bai Xiaochun was very pleased.

直至他的第三瓶灵药也被拍卖时，凝气弟子的气氛渐渐提高起来，开价之人陆续增多，到了最后，白小纯狂喜的发现，自己的第二瓶灵药，居然卖出了二百三十个灵石的价格出来。
By the time the third bottle went up, the Qi Condensation disciples were getting very excited, and more people jumped in on the bidding. In the end, Bai Xiaochun was ecstatic, the final price reached 230 s pirit stones.

“七百多个灵石，不愧是拍卖会啊，够了够了，这些灵石足够我炼制出三阶灵药了。”
“More than 700 spirit stones! Now this is what I call an auction! I already have enough spirit stones to concoct a tier-3 spirit medicine.”

白小纯是一个很容易满足的人，他此刻之前的郁闷虽还有，可却没有放在心上，在房间内美滋滋的，期待自己的那枚优品灵药出现。
Bai Xiaochun was an easy person to please. His sour mood from before was completely gone, and he sat there happily waiting for the premium-grade spirit medicine to appear.

“这么算的话，我的那枚优品灵药，应该可以卖出 三百灵石？”
“Considering the price the other bottles fetched, I think the premium-grade might get 300 s pirit stones?”

白小纯迟疑了一下，有些没把握。
After a bit of hesitation, he changed his mind.

“二百也行！”
“200 w ould be fine!”

他点了点头。
He confidently.

时间流逝，在白小纯的等待下，到了晌午时，拍卖台上的钱颂，神色首次出现了一些古怪，看着四周的众人，他干咳一声。
Time passed. Bai Xiaochun sat there waiting until it was afternoon. There on the auction stage, Qian Song’s expression suddenly turned a bit strange. Looking around at the audience, he cleared his throat.

“钱某接下来要拿出的拍卖物品，很有意思 那是一枚二阶灵药，一样是紫气升灵丹，可 有些不大一样。”
“The next lot is something a bit interesting It’s a tier-2 spirit medicine, also a Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pill. However there’s something different about it.”

白小纯立刻紧张，忐忑的站在阳台上，患得患失之心无比强烈。
Bai Xiaochun sat there anxiously on the balcony, mind buzzing with nervousness.

第七十八章 他们是在说我么
0077 chapter-78

拍卖场内的众人，在听到钱颂的话后，一个个都露出兴趣，齐齐看去。
People on the auction floor immediately got excited upon hearing Qian Song’s announcement.

唯独那些修为超过凝气八层的内门弟子，大都是没有理会，有的在彼此交谈，有的则是闭目养神。
The only ones who didn’t care were the Inner Sect disciples whose cultivation bases were above the eighth level of Qi Condensation, who began to chat among themselves about other topics, or simply closed their eyes to rest.

“这枚丹药，大家可以先看一下，然后钱某再说出价格好了。”
“Please take a moment to examine the pill first,” Qian Song said with a dry cough. “Afterward, I will reveal the price.”

钱颂神色更为古怪，干咳一声后，立刻他身边的光门内，走出一个拿着木盒的妙龄女子。
It was at this point that a pretty young woman emerged from the glowing door, holding a woode n box in her hands.

四周众人的兴趣更多了，纷纷探头观望，想要知道到底是一个什么样的紫气升灵丹，居然可以让钱颂如此神色。
Excitement built as everyone craned their necks to try to get a look at exactly what type of Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pill this was that would cause such a strange expression to appear on Qian Song’s face.

白小纯更紧张，站在那里呼吸急促，望着拍卖台上，那位妙龄女子缓缓抬起了盒子，将里面一粒深紫色的丹药取出。
Bai Xiaochun was getting more and more nervous, and began to breathe heavily as he looked over at the auction stage. A moment later, the pretty young woman lifted the lid off the box and pulled out a dark violet pill.

她双手白皙，与这丹药比较，立刻就使得丹药更为明显，甚至在光芒一晃下，还可以清晰的看到三道银纹闪耀，以及 灵纹旁，被刻在上面的一只小乌龟。
The medicinal pill was especially conspicuous considering the fairness of her skin. It glowed with a soft light, and the three designs on its surface were especially noticeable. Also visible was the little turtle etched next to the spirit designs.

这一刻，无数人凝望，慢慢的四周一片寂静，可很快的，阵阵哗然之声，蓦然传出。
At first, silence prevailed. But then, a huge commotion broke out.

“炼灵三次！
“A threefold spirit enhancement!

天啊，我没看错吧！”
Heavens! Are my eyes deceiving me?”

“丧心病狂啊，居然将一枚二阶灵药，炼灵了三次！
“That’s insane! It’s actually a tier-2 spirit medicine with a threefold spirit enhancement!

竟都成功了！”
I can’t believe somebody succeeded in doing such a thing!”

“这也太疯狂了吧，竟把紫气升灵丹炼灵！”
“This is crazy! A spirit enhanced Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pill!”

声音之高，一瞬间强烈的扩散，所有的外门弟子，全部都骇然了，哗然之声在这一刹那，传遍整个拍卖场。
The voices of the flabbergasted Outer Sect disciples rose up into a cacophony that filled the entire auction floor.

“该死的，这是谁干的，如此败家！”
“Dammit! Who actually did something like that? What a waste!”

“三次炼灵，这得多大的嗜好，才会有如此变态的想法！”
“A threefold spirit enhancement like that? What psycho had the inclination to do such a thing?”

尤其是那些原本没关注拍卖的内门弟子，也都诧异的齐齐看去，当看到丹药上的两道银纹后，一个个也都瞪起了眼，倒吸口气，甚至有一些直接站起，目瞪口呆。
Even the Inner Sect disciples who had been ignoring things up to this point looked over in surprise. When they saw the spirit designs running across the surface of the medicinal pill, their eyes went wide, and they gasped. Many of them even shot to their feet.

要知道炼灵的成功率不高，一次还好，两次就差了一些，至于三次 那就需要看运气了，就算是大师，也都不敢说三次必成。
It must be stated that the success rate of spirit enhancement was not very high. A onefold enhancement was difficult enough, and a twofold enhancement was even harder. As for a threefold enhancement it all depended on luck. Even grandmasters wouldn't dare to claim the ability to succeed at a threefold enhancement.

灵溪宗内，太多的人在炼灵三次时，法宝碎灭，心痛的不得了，以至于对炼灵，是又爱又恨，身边人若有人成功，必定引来无数羡慕。
In the Spirit Stream Sect, far too many people had destroyed magical items in the process of attempting threefold spirit enhancements, much to their heartache. Because of that, most people had a love-hate relationship with spirit enhancement, whenever people did manage to succeed, they would arouse the envy of their contemporaries.

而一件法宝若炼灵了三次，那么这件法宝的威力会大了很多，足以震撼旁人心神，被无数人追捧渴望，而如今 他们居然看到了一枚，炼灵三次的丹药！
For a magical item to successfully receive a threefold spirit enhancement would make it more powerful to a shocking degree, and would make many people desire to acquire it. But now everyone was astonished to find themselves looking at a medicinal pill which had received a threefold spirit enhancement!

而且还只是一个二阶丹药！
Furthermore, it was a tier-2 medicinal pill!

那种感觉，如同是美丽的图案，若长在蝴蝶身上，那叫赏心悦目，绝美无比，可若是长在了一头家猪身上 那就浪费！
If a gorgeous pattern were to develop on the wings of a butterfly, everyone would marvel at the spectacular beauty. But if such a design were to appear on the back of a pig it could only be described as a huge waste!

他们神色复杂，心中升起无穷思绪，甚至有的都握住拳头，脸上青筋鼓起，尤其是紫鼎山的那些内门弟子，他们所学就是炼灵，此刻更是痛心疾首。
Mixed emotions could be seen on the faces of the onlookers as numerous thoughts ran through their minds. Many of them even clenched their fists into balls, causing veins to bulge out on their hands and faces. The Inner Sect disciples from Violet Cauldron Peak were especially pained, considering that they studied spirit enhancement as part of their cultivation. “What luck!

“如此运气，居然去炼灵丹药，还拿到这里来卖弄，该死的，这要是我有这种运气，那就是一件炼灵三次的重宝啊！”
Somebody actually managed to perform a spirit enhancement on a medicinal pill, and then brought it here to sell. Dammit! If I were that lucky, I would definitely have a spirit enhanced treasure!”

甚至那些筑基修士，也都在阁楼内神色古怪，也被这丹药的大手笔而吃惊。
Even the Foundation Establishment cultivators on the second floor were looking at the medicinal pill in front of them in shock.

白小纯在凉台上看到这一幕，倒吸口气，有些心惊，他呆呆的看着下方那些一个个激愤的脸红脖子粗的众人，觉得似乎自己 有些过头了，赶紧摆出一股义愤填膺的样子，指着拍卖台上的丹药，很是愤怒的低吼。
Bai Xiaochun sat on the balcony watching all of this happening, somewhat surprised. He looked blankly at the enraged crowd below, some of whom were turning red in the face. He suddenly had the feeling that he might have gone too far He immediately put a look of righteous indignation onto his face and then pointed at the medicinal pill angrily.

“败家啊，太败家了！”
“Loser!” he shouted furiously. “What loser made that pill?”

远处的孙尘，此刻苦笑，他之前拿到这丹药时，也是这种感觉，此刻忽然看到远处凉台上白小纯的模样，他愣了一下，额头出了冷汗
Off in the distance, Sun Chen was smiling wryly. When he first saw the medicinal pill, he had experienced the same feeling most people in the audience were feeling right now. But then he saw the way Bai Xiaochun was acting off in the distance, and his jaw dropped.

就在这时，靠近拍卖台前方的人群里，有人眼尖，看到了那妙龄女子手中的丹药上，有一个小乌龟的图案。
A little bit of sweat even dripped dow n the side of his face. However, it was at this point that someone in the crowd with sharp eyes happened to notice the little turtle etched into the side of the pill.

“咦？
“Eee?

这小乌龟怎么有些眼熟 ”他话语一出，四周众人纷纷又看了过去，方才他们全被三道银纹吸引，没注意其他地方，此刻这么一看，立刻就看到了小乌龟的图案。
Why does that little turtle seem so familiar?” Almost as soon as the words left his mouth, others in the crowd began to look more closely at the pill. At first, they had all been so surprised by the three spirit designs that they didn't look at anything else. But now they all noticed the turtle etching.

“这小乌龟 我想起来了，这不是香云山万药阁十座石碑第一的那只小乌龟么！”
“That little turtle Hey, I remember! Back on Fragrant Cloud Peak, the first place spot on all of the stone steles at the 10,000 Medicines Pavilion is occupied by a little turtle!”

“一模一样，那神韵都一致，这是 一个人所画！”
“This turtle looks just like that one. The style is exactly the same. That was etched by a person!”

“莫非炼制这枚丹药，并且丧心病狂去炼灵三次的，竟是香云山那位神秘莫测的天骄小乌龟！”
“The person who concocted that pill, and then went to the insane length of performing a threefold spirit enhancement, was none other than the mysterious and unfathomable Chosen of Fragrant Cloud Peak, the little turtle!”

顿时四周众人哗然更多，此地都是灵溪宗的弟子，香云山的也有不少，此刻全部注意到了小乌龟后，立刻惊呼。
Cries of excitement rang up. After all, many disciples in the audience were from Fragrant Cloud Peak, and once they saw the little turtle, they were struck with astonishment. More and more people caught sight of the turtle, and gasps rang out.

渐渐越来越多的人，都看到了小乌龟，一个个都倒吸口气，无数人直接站起了身，要知道香云山的小乌龟，虽销声匿迹太久，可声名赫赫，早已传遍宗门，被众人常常猜测对方到底是谁。
People even began to rise to their feet. Although not much news about Fragrant Cloud Peak’s little turtle had spread lately, he was incredibly famous. Everyone in the sect knew about him, and many people continued to speculate all the time about who exactly he was.

可惜直至如今也都没有答案，对方太神秘了，神秘到了无人知晓的程度，更是为人低调，仿佛性格淡然，不在意一切外事。
However, no one had been able to solve the mystery. The little turtle was simply too mysterious, so mysterious that apparently no one knew his true identity. He liked to keep an extremely low profile, and was indifferent to the outside world, pa ying virtually no attention to it at all.

而今天，居然 再次出现！
But all of a sudden he had made another appearance!

且一出现，就是以这种方式，震撼拍卖场，震撼所有人。
Furthermore, he had chosen to completely shake the entire auction, and shock everyone who attended.

周心琪在人群内，此刻双眼猛地露出精芒，盯着丹药，胸脯起伏，心情强烈的变化。
Zhou Xinqi was there in the crowd, her eyes shining brightly as she looked at the medicinal pill. Her chest heaved, and various emotions coursed through her.

“你终于出现了，如你这样的天骄，不可能消失在人海里，你善于隐藏，不露声色，可你的天赋决定了，无论你怎么隐藏，你都将现身，我一定会找到你！”
“So, you finally show your face,” she murmured to herself. “A Chosen like you cannot remain hidden forever within the sea of people. You may want to remain out of sight, but your incredible talents have doom ed you to be revealed, no matter how much you try to hide. I will find out who you are, one day!”

周心琪深吸口气，她暗中寻找小乌龟已经很久，也曾怀疑过白小纯，但很快就否定，在她的心里，已经将小乌龟勾勒出了一个身影，那是一个冷静执着，不会为名声所累的淡薄名利之人。
Zhou Xinqi had spent a lot of time secretly investigating the little turtle. For a time, she had suspected Bai Xiaochun, but soon decided that it couldn’t be him, and made up her own version of who the little turtle was. He was a cold, proud man who would never taint his own name because of a desire to be famous.

实际上并非周心琪自己这么想，这几乎是所有人的共识，就连侯小妹也是这么认为的，这里面很大的重点是白小纯吹嘘夸大小乌龟造成的。
Zhou Xinqi actually wasn’t the only one who had come to such a conclusion. Most people felt the same, even Hou Xiaomei. Of course, much of that was because of how much Bai Xiaochun himself had propagated stories about the little turtle.

甚至众人还分析过对方为何画乌龟，得到的答案是，此人性格淡然，可却有大志，以龟来比喻他的丹药，可以万年长存。
Many people had even analyzed why he used a turtle as his mark. The explanation was that he had a reserved personality, but also maintained lofty aspirations. Like turtles, his medicinal pills would survive for thousands of years into the future.

侯小妹在不远处，此刻睁大了眼，她的目中瞬间就露出了无数的崇拜，因白小纯的教导，现在的她，已经是宗门内最崇拜小乌龟的人了，甚至她还发起了不少同门与她一起，组成了一个小乌龟的联盟。
Hou Xiaomei stood not too far off in the distance, her eyes wide with adoration. Because of Bai Xiaochun’s urgings, she worshiped the little turtle more than anyone else in the sect. In fact, she’d even found other disciples like herself, and had formed something of a club, which they called the Little Turtle League.

“啊，是小乌龟！”
“What? The little turtle!”

侯小妹差点跳起来，惊喜的指着拍卖台。
Hou Xiaomei nearly jumped up into the air in excitement as she pointed at the auction stage.

哗然之声，在这一刻因小乌龟的出现，立刻轰动，可偏偏这一次没有再去质疑，再去怒骂，而是全部在若有所思后，心神一震。
The entire auction floor had devolved into chaos. Now, people no longer said even a single comment in anger or skepticism. Instead, profound expressions appeared on their faces.

“他这是追求极致的表现！”
“He definitely pursues excellence to the extreme!”

“此人天骄，性格孤傲，炼灵丹药不是为了买卖，而是为了药道的精髓，为了探索，为了执着！”
“A proud Chosen such as the little turtle would never perform a spirit enhancement on a medicinal pill just to sell it at auction. He seeks the quintessence of the Dao of medicine. He did it as a means of research, because of his incredible focus!”

就连那些之前痛心疾首的内门弟子，此刻也都面面相觑，纷纷深吸口气，凝重的望着那枚丹药，此刻没有人再去认为，对方是卖弄的炼灵三次。
Even the Inner Sect disciples who had been in such pain earlier were now heaving sighs and looking at each other in dismay. All of them had to admit they were incapable of pulling off a threefold spirit enhancement.

“原来是这位天骄，我明白了，此人不是丧心病狂，也不是再卖弄，此人有大志，这是执着的表现，执着于让自己的丹药，品质达到极致！”
“Now I understand what type of Chosen he is. He’s not insane, nor is he showing off. He has grand aspirations. He’s completely focused!

“很厉害，也很惊人，这种执着，这种毅力，这种对于完美丹药的执着，是值得我们所有人学习的！”
He wants his medicinal pills to reach the ultimate pinnacle!” “Incredible! Shocking! This level of focus, this level of willpower, this type of perfect pill we can all strive to imitate him!”

“炼灵三次，可以提升三个品质，也就是说 这枚丹药本身就是中品，此人的炼药造诣，已经是远超我等，不愧是小乌龟！”
“A threefold spirit enhancement can raise an object’s quality by three grades. That means that this medicinal pill was originally mid-grade. The little turtle’s skill in medicine concocting has already far surpassed my own. He definitely deserves his reputation!”

“这枚丹药，值得留念，我要定了！”
“That medicinal pill should be kept as souvenir! I must have it!”

那些内门弟子一个个目中露出强烈的光芒，此丹不适合他们吞下，可却让他们在上面感受到了一股精神。
The Inner Sect disciples’ eyes shone with a bright light. Although the pill wasn’t suitable for them to consume, it could fill them with inspiration.

他们看着丹药，似乎看到了一个淡泊名利，一心执念，追求药道极致的天骄身影。
Looking at a pill like that made them feel as if they were looking at a Chosen who cared not for fame or fortune, who was completely focused, who strove only after the Dao of medicine.

眼看四周众人的话锋改变，白小纯原本正在随着众人一起义愤填膺，此刻抬着手，睁大了眼，呆呆的看着下发的众人，听着他们的话语，白小纯忽然脸红了。
Seeing how quickly the conversation had changed, Bai Xiaochun, who had been joining along in the public outrage, suddenly stared around with wide eyes. After hearing what people were saying, his face began to turn red.

“他们 他们是在说我么 ”白小纯激动的颤抖，他自己都没发现，原来自己这么优秀，此刻恍然大悟，非常想大吼一声，告诉所有人，自己就是那名动天下的龟爷！
“Are they are they talking about me?” he thought, trembling. He had never before realized how superior he was. Now that he suddenly saw the light, he had the urge to yell at the top of his lungs, to tell everyone around him that he was the famous Lord Turtle!

就在这时，拍卖台上的钱颂，咳嗽一声，目中露出一抹笑意。
However, it was at this point that Qian Song cleared his throat and smiled.

“既然大家都看出来了，那么这枚有着象征意义的灵药，低价五百灵石，每次开价不少于五十灵！”
“As all of you can see, this pill has great symbolic meaning. Minimum bid, 500 s pirit stones. Bid increment is a minimum of 50 s pirit stones!”

这种价格，让白小纯倒吸口气，这已经是天价了，绝大多数的外门弟子，根本就买不起，可紧接着白小纯就目瞪口呆。
Bai Xiaochun gasped when he heard the astronomical price. Most Outer Sect disciples couldn’t even afford that many spirit stones.

“六百灵石！”
“600 s pirit stones!”

“七百灵石，这枚丹药上有药道的精神存在，我志在必得！”
“700 spirit stones! That pill contains the essence of the Dao of medicine! I must acquire it!”

“八百，谁和我强！”
“800! Who dares to top me?”

那些内门弟子，顿时开价，声音传遍四周，一时之间，点燃了此地的沸腾。
The Inner Sect disciples immediately began to call out prices, and soon everyone was in an uproar.

陆续的，大量的开价声不断传出，很快就到了一千五百灵石的价位上，白小纯口干舌燥，他呼吸急促，对于这一切无法置信。
Bids continued to be called out, and soon the price reached 1,500 spirit stones. Bai Xiaochun’s throat was dry, and he was panting in disbelief. “Crazy!” he mouthed in excitement.

“疯了，都疯了 再疯一点吧 加油！
“They’re all crazy Wait, let’s get a bit more crazy, people C ome on!

你们都是好样的！”
Everybody join in!”

白小纯激动的开口。


“一千八百灵石。”
“1,800 spirit stones.”

周心琪在人群内，蓦然开口，声音传出时，引来无数人看去，白小纯也赶紧看去，给周心琪加油。
That bid came from Zhou Xinqi, causing numerous people to look over in her direction. Bai Xiaochun even began to cheer her on.

这种价格，对于内门弟子而言，已经是极限了，很多竞价的内门弟子，一个个尽管不甘心，可却只能叹息，毕竟开出这个价格的是周心琪，而她本身就是药道天骄，她既表露出买下此丹的决心，大家都是同门，也不好继续争夺。
The price had already reached the limit of what was possible for Inner Sect disciples to afford. Although none of them wished to let the pill go, they had no choice but to sigh. After all, Zhou Xinqi was already a Chosen in the Dao of medicine. Since she wanted the pill, none of the other disciples were willing to compete with her.

白小纯对于这个价格也非常满意了，他恨不能跑过去代替钱颂去拍板，可就在四周人没有继续开价的刹那，突然的，一个少女的声音，带着傲然与不服气，带着一股辣劲，蓦然传出。
Bai Xiaochun was very pleased with the price, and had to hold himself back from running over to Qian Song, grabbing the auction hammer, and banging it down to end the bidding. However, it was at this point that the stubborn and determined voi ce of young woman rang out, fiery as a pepper.

“我侯小妹是修真家族的，有的是灵石，我开三千灵石！”
“I am Hou Xiaomei of the Hou Clan. I bid 3,000 s pirit stones!”

第七十九章 小纯，我们信了
0078 chapter-79

白小纯猛地睁大了眼，满脑子都是三千灵石 看着侯小妹，他的眼睛冒光，这一刻他多么的想上去一把抱住侯小妹，给她三千个大拇指 告诉她，你是好样的！
Bai Xiaochun's eyes went wide as his mind filled with the thought of 3,000 spirit stones He looked over at Hou Xiaomei, eyes shining, and suddenly felt the desire to run over, hug her, give her three thousand thumbs up and tell her “Great job!”

拍卖场内的众人，对于这个如此提高的价格，全部哗然，在侯小妹的声音传出后，一个个都呆了一下，齐齐看向侯小妹，看到了一个掐着小腰，胸脯挺的鼓鼓的，白白嫩嫩，小巧玲珑，神色得意，如小辣椒一样的少女。
When the rest of the disciples on the auction floor heard that huge price coming out of Hou Xiaomei's mouth, the commotion instantly ceased, and jaws dropped. They looked over to find Hou Xiaomei standing there, hands on her hips, chest heaving, looking very fair and delicate. She was pretty, but had a proud look on her face, and looked like a blazing hot pepper.

她抬起下巴，看着周心琪，一副我是修真家族我怕谁，我很有钱的样子，非但没有让人觉得反感，反而越发觉得这侯小妹可爱。
Sticking her chin up, she looked over at Zhou Xinqi with a look that said, I’m from the Hou C lan, and I 'm not scared of anyone! Plus, I’m rich! The overall effect wasn’t off-putting, but rather, made her seem quite cute.

不少人目中露出笑意，还有一些更是惊艳。
Quite a few people broke out into smiles at the sight, whereas others were even more shocked than before.

“三千一百灵石！”
“3,100 spirit stones!”

周心琪平静开口，神色已冷了下来。
Zhou Xinqi said coolly, her expression growing a bit colder.

“小乌龟对我很重要，但凡是小乌龟的丹药，我侯小妹不惜代价，都要买来，哼哼，我出四千灵石，我是修真家族的，有的是灵石！”
“The little turtle is very important to me!” Hou Xiaomei said. “I don't care how expensive it is, any pill made by him must belong to me. Hmph! 4,000 spirit stones!


I'm from the Hou Clan, and I have plenty of money to go around!”

她又强调了后一句，身边侯云飞此刻低着头，一脸尴尬，心底也在发愁，他这妹妹，不知怎么就崇拜上了那小乌龟，这几年已到了狂热的程度
She especially emphasized the last sentence. Next to her, Hou Yunfei bowed his head in nervous embarrassment. He wasn't sure why his little sister worshipped the little turtle with such frenzied devotion

四周有周心琪的倾慕者，有些看不下去了，不少人纷纷开口，说侯小妹为了一个二阶灵药，竟开出如此价格，实在败家。
Zhou Xinqi’s fans couldn't watch this go on, and many of them began to cry out that only a loser would spend so much money on a tier-2 spirit medicine.

“本小姐就是有灵石，你咬我啊？” 侯小妹听到这些言辞，立刻不乐意了，挺着小胸脯，掐着小腰，脆声反驳。
Hou Xiaomei wasn’t too happy to hear such things. Sticking her chest out and planting her hands on her hips, she barked, “I've got a lot of spirit stones, so you can just bite me!”

白小纯在阳台上看着这一幕，越发觉得自己当初将侯小妹从歪路上引导到了正道，是多么的正确。
As Bai Xiaochun watched the events unfold, he couldn’t help but muse that he had made the right decision to pull Hou Xiaomei off the crooked path and onto the way of righteousness.

周心琪皱起眉头，她没有那么多的灵石了，此刻沉默半晌，轻叹一声，只能放弃。
Zhou Xinqi frowned. Unfortunately, she didn’t have that many spirit stones, and so finally, she had no choice but to give up.

侯小妹眼看周心琪不开价了，顿时惊喜，她实际上也是装出一副气势，这么一大笔灵石，她自然没有，只不过此刻故意这么说，当着这么多人的面，老祖总不能不承认吧。
Hou Xiaomei was delighted that Zhou Xinqi didn’t make any more bids. The truth was that she didn’t have as many spirit stones as she had implied. She had only said so in front of so many people in the hopes that it would force her clan’s patriarch to accommodate her.

最终在侯小妹的得意中，这枚炼灵三次的丹药，被她成功买走。
In the end, Hou Xiaomei was very pleased to have won the threefold spirit enhanced medicinal pill.

白小纯心满意足，赞赏的看了眼远处的侯小妹，干咳一声，琢磨着既然侯小妹这么崇拜自己，自己若再不告诉对方自己的真正身份，实在是太不对了。
Bai Xiaochun was also very pleased. Looking admiringly at Hou Xiaomei, he cleared his throat. In his opinion, considering how much she admired him, it would be improper not to tell her about his true identity.

于是打定了主意，眼看这第一天的拍卖会要结束了，他赶紧出去，准备当着所有人的面，表露身份。
Having reached this conclusion, and seeing that the first day of the auction was coming to an end, he decided that now was the time to go out and proclaim his identity to the public.

拍卖场的后台处，几个修真家族的老祖也在这里，负责此地的防护，其中一个中年男子干咳一声，向着四周同伴苦笑。
Meanwhile, backstage, various patriarchs from the cultivator clans were gathered, having been tasked with standing guard over the auction. One of them was a middle-aged man, who was currently coughing dryly as he looked around wryly at his fellow patriarchs.

“那个 我孙女性格顽劣，让大家见笑了。”
“Well my granddaughter sure is stubborn. I'm afraid she’s made a bit of a fool of herself in front of all of you.”

他说着，苦笑的拿出对等的灵石，放在了一旁。
With that, he bitterly produced a large sum of spirit stones which he put off to the side.

“赤子之心。”
“What an innocent girl!”

众人哈哈一笑。
The other patriarchs all laughed good-naturedly.

第一天的拍卖结束，这拍卖会一般都持续数日，白小纯不打算继续来了，他的丹药都已卖光，此刻心情振奋的赶紧走出，到了门口时，他站在那里，遥望从拍卖场涌出的人群。
The first day of the auction was over, and although there were more days to come, Bai Xiaochun had already sold his medicinal pills, so he didn’t plan to return. He walked over to the entrance of the auction and stood there watching everyone filing out of the auction house.

这些人都是门中弟子，一个个正兴奋的议论方才的紫气升灵丹。
Virtually all of them were excitedly discussing the matter of the Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pill.

很快，白小纯就看到了周心琪，塔目中露出鼓励欣赏，似在劝说对方不要气馁，迈步正要上前时，他的目光让周心琪一愣，赶紧避开，没等白小纯靠近，就化作长虹飞出。
Eventually, Bai Xiaochun caught sight of Zhou Xinqi. He wanted to go encourage her not to feel disheartened, but as soon as he took a step forward to head in her direction, she looked over and saw him coming. Without another word, she transformed into a beam of light that shot off into the distance.

白小纯正郁闷时，身后传来惊喜之声。
Bai Xiaochun stopped in place, feeling a bit depressed. But then he heard a voice coming from behind him.

“小纯哥哥！”
“Big bro Xiaochun!”

侯小妹一脸喜悦，蹦蹦跳跳的从人群内挤出，扭着小腰到了白小纯的身边，侯云飞在侯小妹的身后，看到白小纯时，也露出笑容。
It was Hou Xiaomei, who came bouncing over happily through the crowd, followed by Hou Yunfei, who was also smiling.

白小纯收回看向周心琪身影的目光，目中露出赞赏的望着侯小妹，一副前辈的样子，拍了下侯小妹的头。
Bai Xiaochun looked away from Zhou Xinqi and gave Hou Xiaomei a smile of praise. Looking very much like a member of the senior generation, he patted her on the head.

“小纯妹妹，不错，以后买东西时，就要这样的霸气！”
“Hey there, chaste little sister. I have to say, you did a great job. T he way you won that final item in the auction was very dom ineering!”

侯小妹立刻脸红了，随后想起了什么，高兴的拿出那枚紫气升灵丹。
Hou Xiaomei's face turned bright red. Seeming to recall something all of a sudden, she pulled out the Violet Qi Spirit Ascension Pill.


“Big bro Xiaochun, look!


This medicinal pill was concocted by the little turtle.

“小纯哥哥你快看，这是小乌龟炼的丹药啊，被我买下了，你要不要，我送你给你，你以前不是说你最崇拜小乌龟了么，我特意给你买下的。”
Would you like it? Here, take it. Didn’t you say before that you also adore the little turtle? I bought this pill just for you!”

她目中露出让人心动的神采，将丹药放在了白小纯的面前，小脸满是期待，仿佛她的世界里，此刻只有白小纯。
Anyone who saw the expression on her face would be moved. Holding out the pill to Bai Xiaochun, she looked at him with keen anticipation, as if he were the only thing that existed in the world.

一旁的侯云飞看到这一幕，目光柔和，含笑不语。
When Hou Yunfei saw this, his gaze softened, and he smiled, but didn’t say anything.


Bai Xiaochun’s jaw dropped.

白小纯一怔，没想到对方买下丹药的目的，原来是因为自己，他顿时感动了，看到四周人不少，于是深吸口气，神色露出肃然。
Never could he have imagined that Hou Xiaomei’s goal in winning the medicinal pill was to give it to him. It was very moving. Seeing that they were surrounded by quite a few people, he took a deep breath and put a solemn expression on his face.

“小妹，我要告诉你一个天大的秘密！” 白小纯目中露出坚定，开口时，一股高手寂寞的样子，油然而起。 他已经拥有了可以随时随刻，变化出这么一副样子的能力。
Eyes filling with determination, he clasped his hands behind his back like a powerful hero, a posture he had long since become very familiar with adopting. “Xiaomei,” he said, “I need to reveal a very big secret!”

侯小妹一愣，身边的侯云飞也诧异了一下，看向白小纯。
Hou Xiaomei looked shocked, as did Hou Yunfei.

“什么秘密？”
“What secret?”

侯小妹露出聆听的神情，好奇的问道。
Hou Xiaomei asked curiously.

白小纯用力的咳嗽一声，抬起小下巴，小袖一甩。
Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat loudly, stuck up his chin, and swished his sleeve.

“我，白小纯，就是那名动天下，神秘莫测，惊天地泣鬼神的 伟大的 龟爷！”
“I, Bai Xiaochun, am he who shocks ghosts and gods, the preeminently famous, mysterious and unfathomable the great and mighty Lord Turtle!”

白小纯仰天大笑，他说出这句话后，心里都是感慨，这句话，他憋在口里数年了，此刻终于能说出，而且是当着最崇拜自己的侯小妹面前说出，尤其是四周人不少，这才是万众瞩目。
He then threw his head back and laughed uproariously. The words he had just uttered had been kept locked inside of him for far too long, and it felt wonderful to speak them out in the open, especially considering he was speaking them to the person who adored him the most, Hou Xiaomei, and in front of such a large audience of onlookers.

最重要的是，他认为不能让崇拜自己的人始终不知道，原来偶像就在身边！
Most importantly, it wasn’t proper to allow the person who worshipped him the most fervently to be kept in the dark, especially when her idol was standing directly in front of her!

白小纯抬头看着天空的白云，一副孤傲的模样，耳朵却竖了起来，等待侯小妹与四周众人的惊呼。
Bai Xiaochun stared up at the clouds above , looking very lonely. However, his ears twitched a bit as he waited to hear the shocked reactions of Hou Xiaomei and the rest of the crowd.

心底已经想好了，一会惊呼声中，自己应该说什么样的话。
He was already formulating the words he would use in response to the impending commotion.

可等了半天，却没声音传来，四周一下子安静了，白小纯诧异，忍不住收回看向天空白云的目光，瞄向侯小妹与侯云飞。
However, after a very long moment passed, not a sound could be heard. Everything was completely silent. Surprised, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but look back from the clouds toward Hou Xiaomei and Hou Yunfei.

侯小妹呆了，侯云飞也呆了，他们都傻傻的看向白小纯，四周那些从拍卖场出来的弟子，也都一个个神色古怪。
Hou Xiaomei stood there with wide eyes, and Hou Yunfei was similarly shocked. As they stared mutely at Bai Xiaochun, the surrounding disciples looked on with strange expressions on their faces.

“小乌龟那是淡泊名利，如天空白云一样的人物，白师叔居然自称是小乌龟？
“The little turtle is indifferent to worldly affairs,” someone said, “like a cloud floating in the sky. Now Sect Uncle Bai is calling himself the little turtle?

呵呵 走吧走吧。”
Yeah right C ome on, let’s go.”

白小纯面色顿时难看，正要去解释。
An unsightly expression could be seen on Bai Xiaochun’s face, and he took a deep breath in preparation to make an explanation.

“小纯，你没事吧？”
“Xiaochun, are you alright?”

侯云飞有些担心，摸了下白小纯的头。
Hou Yunfei asked. Worried, he patted Bai Xiaochun on the head.

“我真是！”
“I really am the little turtle!”

白小纯着急的说道。
Bai Xiaochun said anxiously.

“啊？
“Oh?”

好的好的，你是你是 ”侯云飞神色古怪，赶紧点头。
Hou Yunfei replied, a strange expression on his face. He quickly . “Sure, sure.

“小纯哥哥，你以前和我说过，小乌龟是如天空白云般，淡薄名利之人 其实在我心中，你和小乌龟是一样的高度，你不用假冒小乌龟 ”侯小妹幽幽的看着白小纯，轻声说道。
You’re the little turtle” At this point, Hou Xiaomei gazed at Big bro Xiaochun and softly said, “Big bro Xiaochun, you told me before that the little turtle is like a cloud in the sky, someone who doesn’t care at all about worldly matters Actually, in my heart, you’re just as important as he is. You don’t need to pretend to be him”

“我真的 ”白小纯还没说完，一旁的侯云飞神色肃然，拉住白小纯的手臂。
“But I really am the” Before he could finish speaking, Hou Yunfei looked at him somberly and clasped his arm.

“小纯，我们信了！”
“Xiaochun, we believe you!”

“我真 ”白小纯睁大了眼，刚开口，侯云飞神色更为严肃。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes went wide. “I really” Before he could finish, Hou Yunfei’s expression turned more serious.

“小纯，我们真的信了！”
“Xiaochun. We really believe you!”

“我 ”白小纯目中茫然，只觉得万念俱灰，怎么解释也解释不清了，理想与现实的巨大落差，使得他失魂落魄的转身，晃晃悠悠的走远，不知怎么回到的宗门。
“I” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes began to glaze over as a feeling of disheartenment filled him. No matter how he tried to explain the situation, it wouldn’t do any good. Things were going completely different than he'd imagined. Dejected, he turned slowly and trudged away, somehow returning to the sect.

在院子里，他呆呆的望着天空，神色露出悲哀。
Back in his courtyard, he stared blankly up into the sky, an expression of grief on his face.

“我真的是龟爷啊 ”他觉得委屈，他觉得自己的梦想，自己想要在万众瞩目下说出身份的豪情，此刻全部碎裂了。
“But I really am Lord Turtle” he murmured, feeling very maligned. He had long dreamed about proclaiming his identity publicly, but now that dream was in tatters.

而偏偏他也找出了问题所在，是自己这些年把小乌龟吹嘘的太高了 以至于所有人的心目中，小乌龟的形象已孤傲非凡。
After a while, he came to the conclusion that the problem lay in the fact that he had worked so hard over the years to inflate the image of the little turtle in the minds of the people To them, the little turtle was a completely proud and extraordinary individual.

准确的说，在他与侯小妹的不懈努力下，小乌龟已经被神化了
More precisely, thanks to the tireless efforts of Hou Xiaomei, the little turtle had already been turned into something of a deity

半晌后，他不甘心，去找了许宝财，当着许宝财的面，他严肃的说出了自己的身份，许宝财呆了 连连点头说我信了。
After a while, Bai Xiaochun begrudgingly went to find Xu Baocai to explain the truth. Afterward, Xu Baocai stared at him blankly for a moment and then repeatedly and said that he believed him.

白小纯哭丧着脸，回到了院子里，再次发呆。
Bai Xiaochun scowled miserably all the way back to his courtyard, where he once again stood t here feeling empty.

直至数日后，孙尘来拜访，白小纯立刻惊喜，觉得自己抓住了希望，孙尘知道那丹药是自己送去的。
A few days later, Sun Chen came to visit. Bai Xiaochun immediately perked up. Suddenly, he had hope, hope that Sun Chen would remember who it was that had delivered the medicinal pill up to be auctioned off.

可还没等他开口，孙尘送出了足够的灵石后，抱拳向着白小纯，深深一拜，神色肃然，带着凝重。
However, before he could even say anything, Sun Chen handed over the spirit stones, then clasped hands and bowed deeply. Expression solemn, he said,

“白兄，之前不知晓那枚丹药居然是贵宗天骄所炼，此事家祖也都吃惊，如今宗门内能与那位天骄联系之人，想必只有白兄你了，不然你也不会有此天骄的丹药。”
“Brother Bai, I'm not sure which honored Chosen concocted that pill. The Sun Clan patriarch was quite shocked by the matter. We know that the only way to contact that Chosen is via you, Brother Bai.


Otherwise, you wouldn't have been the one to deliver his medicinal pill.

“还请白兄转告那位天骄，我孙家，希望与他建议长久的友谊，日后若有丹药处理，定全力以赴！”
“Brother Bai, could you please pass word to him that the Sun Clan hopes to have a longstanding friendship with him? If he needs any help selling medicinal pills in the future, we will use all our power to help him! “Another thing, Brother Bai.

“还请白兄务必转告这位天骄，我知道此人淡泊名利，不惜热闹，如天空之云，追求的是至极的药道，这等人物，日后必定一飞冲天，我孙家愿为他处理凡尘俗事。”
Could you please pass word to the Chosen that I understand he doesn’t seek fame and fortune, and purposely avoids big commotions? He is like a cloud in the sky, seeking perfection in the Dao of medicine. A person like him will surely reach incredible heights in the future. Therefore, our Sun Clan would be happy to handle all matters relating to the outside world for him.”

孙尘抱拳深深一拜，抬头时发现白小纯目中茫然，他等了片刻不见白小纯回神，迟疑后再次抱拳，告辞离去。
Sun Chen clasped hands and bowed deeply once again. When he looked up, he noticed that Bai Xiaochun’s expression was completely blank. When that expression didn’t change, Sun Chen once again clasped hands, bow ed, and then took his leave.

心底也在感慨，白小纯果然在灵溪宗地位非凡，那无人知晓的神秘天骄，居然都与他有交情。
Inwardly, he sighed as he thought about how high Bai Xiaochun’s position was in the Spirit Stream Sect, and how the mysterious, unfathomable figure that no one else knew, actually had dealings with him. From the very beginning, he had never even considered that Bai Xiaochun might actually be the little turtle.

他的脑海里，压根就从没想过白小纯是小乌龟，性格相差太大了，对于小乌龟的事情，不但灵溪宗的弟子知晓，外面的修真家族也都早就知道，全部都调查后，得出的性格结论，与周心琪所想的近乎一致。
Their personalities were too different. After all, it wasn’t just Spirit Stream Sect disciples who knew about the little turtle. The cultivator clans on the outside were also aware of him. All of them had performed their own investigations, and had come to similar conclusions as Zhou Xinqi.

直至明月高挂，白小纯才回过神来，叹了口气，身子一晃跃起，站在了院子的竹子上，背着小手，神情陌落的仰望星空，山风吹来，掀起他的黑发，吹动他的衣衫发出嚯嚯之声。
By the time Bai Xiaochun regained his composure, the moon hung high in the sky. Sighing deeply, he leapt up onto the bamboo fence that surrounded his courtyard. Clasping his hands behind his back, he looked up at the starry sky, his long black hair swaying in the wind and his robes rustling.

“没想到我的骨子里，居然存在了淡泊名利，如天空之云般的飘逸，唉，都怪我平日里掩饰的太好了，有时候，优秀，也是一种寂寞。”
“I never imagined that deep within me was the desire to shun worldly matters. I am like a cloud which floats in the sky. Ai. I shouldn’t have kept things hidden so well.


Sometimes, being superior really is truly lonely.”

白小纯小袖一甩，月光下，他的身影真的有了高手寂寞之感。
As he stood there in the moonlight, he flicked his sleeve, and truly looked like a lonely hero.

第八十章 张大胖的天赋
0079 chapter-80

有了足够的灵石，白小纯不想再去琢磨小乌龟的事情了，他的心已经被伤的千疮百孔，只能在炼药阁内，沉浸炼药中，去慢慢的恢复。
Now that he had plenty of spirit stones, Bai Xiaochun didn't want to worry about the issue of the little turtle any more. His heart had already been pierced a thousand times over by what had occurred. Now, the only thing left to do was go to the Medicine Concocting Pavilion and heal by immersing himself in pill concocting.

渐渐的二阶灵药在白小纯的手中，已经炉火纯青，将成功率提升到了一个惊人的程度，这才开始尝试炼制三阶灵药。
By this point, Bai Xiaochun’s ability to concoct tier-2 spirit medicine had been refined to perfection. His success rate was shockingly high, and he was already beginning to work on tier-3 medicine.

随着他炼制三阶灵药，轰鸣之声在这炼药阁的房间里，时常传出，甚至有一次不知道什么原因，那丹炉都直接被炸的飞了起来，哐当一下掉在一旁。
Rumbling sounds filled his workstation as he went about his work. On one occasion, something completely unexpected occurred when the pill furnace rocketed into the air and slammed into the wall, causing a huge boom to echo out and leaving a small crater behind.

这些还不算什么，可直至有一次，竟爆出了浓烟，此烟诡异，就连阵法都无法阻挡，一瞬覆盖大半个炼药阁，使得众多此地炼药之人，一个个咳嗽中怒骂，纷纷跑出。
However, that was almost nothing compared to the time when a failed batch of pills exploded and sent out smoke that not even the workshop’s protective spell formation could stop. It filled nearly half of the Medicine Concocting Pavilion, causing everyone inside to run out, coughing and cursing the entire time.

白小纯诧异，也跟着跑了出去，最终众人也没查出到底谁是罪魁祸首。
Shocked, Bai Xiaochun also ran out in similar fashion, and in the end, no one was completely sure who had caused the entire disaster.

白小纯心底委屈，迟疑了一下后，小心翼翼的继续炼三阶灵药，慢慢的他自己都神色古怪了，他发现自己总是炼制出一些稀奇古怪的灵药，似乎从最早炼丹时就出现了这个迹象，那个时候引起了无数的蚂蚁来临，还有那发情丹
Feeling quite frustrated, Bai Xiaochun carefully returned to his workstation and began to work on another batch of tier-3 spirit medicine. Gradually, a strange expression appeared on his face as he realized he often tended to produce bizarre spirit medicines. For example, there was the time he created the medicine which had attracted hordes of ants. And then there was his

他隐隐觉得，自己炼制出的怪丹，自己都害怕。
Aphrodisiac Pill The truth was, all of the mystery pills he concocted were all terrifying.

“莫非是因为我不愿意用固定的药方炼药，每次炼药时，都想着要去按照自己的心意去改变有关？
“Could it be because I refuse to use a set medicine formula in my concocting? Every time I do my work, I follow my instincts, and that’s what leads to the strange transformations?

又或者因为我天赋秉异，就连老天爷都嫉妒，所以对我百般刁难？”
Or maybe I’m just so naturally talented that God is jealous and intentionally causes problems for me?”

此刻白小纯望着面前放着的数十枚花花绿绿的丹药，愁眉苦脸。
Currently, a few dozen brightly colored medicinal pills were laid out in front of Bai Xiaochun, which he looked dow n at, frowning.

这些丹药有的还保持圆形，有的却是四方，还有一些不规则如泥巴胡乱的捏在一起，一看就不是正常的灵药，可偏偏每一个都有药香散出
None of them were spherical. Some were cube-shaped, and others looked like malformed lumps of clay. Clearly, they were not ordinary spirit medicines, and yet, each and every one let off a strong medicinal aroma

只是给白小纯一百个胆子，他也不敢去亲自吞下，鬼才知道这些丹药会出现什么匪夷所思的药效。
Even if Bai Xiaochun were a hundred times braver than he was, he wouldn’t dare to personally consume any of them. It was impossible to say what unimaginable effects they might produce.

“我追求的，是极致的药道，就如天空上的白云，缥缈无痕，淡泊名利，而在追寻药道的路上，必定是坎坷的，我不怕坎坷，要坚定地走下去，这才是我，不一样的白小纯。”
“I want to achieve the ultimate pinnacle in the Dao of medicine. I am like a cloud in the sky, floating about effortlessly, ignoring the material world. The Dao of medicine is a path strewn with obstacles, so I must not fear.

白小纯深吸口气，慢慢脸上露出执着，如同殉道般的神情，将这些丹药收起，继续炼制。
I just have to endure. That is the new me, a new Bai Xiaochun.” With that, determination appeared on his face. Looking as if he were searching for the deeper truths in life, he put the pills away and once again began his concocting work.


He spent nearly half a day on the next batch.

这一炼，就是大半年，到了最后，炼药阁内几乎没几个能继续炼药的了，这里实在太危险，甚至白小纯所在房间的丹炉，都在一次炸轰中，裂开了一道缝隙，白小纯哭丧着脸赔偿了一些灵石，被客气的请出了炼药阁。
Unfortunately, he had reached the point where there were few types of medicine that he could continue to work on. It was simply too dangerous. His pill furnace would explode every time, leaving significant damage in its wake. Scowling, he paid some spirit stones in compensation, at which time he was politely asked to leave the


Medicine Concocting Pavilion.

他正想摆出掌门师弟的身份去理论，却发现传音玉简内有张大胖的口信，说到了白小纯的居所外，问他去哪了。
He was just about to call upon his status as the Junior Brother of the sect leader and demand to be allowed to stay, when he realized that Big Fatty Zhang had messaged him via jade slip. Apparently he'd come to Bai Xiaochun’s residence looking for him, and was wondering where he'd gone off to.

白小纯一看张大胖来了，这才放过了炼药阁，走在香云山的小路上，他心底感慨。
Seeing that Big Fatty Zhang had come to visit, Bai Xiaochun left the Medicine Concocting Pavilion. Sighing, he began to walk down one of the narrow mountain paths.

“追求药道的极致，注定是坎坷的，我白小纯是天空的白云，绝不会因此屈服的！”
“If I want to pursue the Dao of medicine to the pinnacle, then I will surely face obstacles along the way. I, Bai Xiaochun, am like a floating cloud. I will not surrender!”

白小纯挺胸抬头，走着走着，发现有些不对劲，现在是晌午，平日里这个时候，宗门是最热闹的，可眼下香云山却安静了很多，放眼看去，凝气六层以上的弟子一个没有，出没的大都是凝气六层以下。
Sticking his chest out and raising his head, he walked forward for a bit until he realized that something seemed off. At this time of day, the sect was usually a busy place. But right now, Fragrant Cloud Peak was very quiet. Looking around, he noticed that not a single disciple of the sixth level of Qi Condensation or higher could be seen.


Everyone present was of the fifth level or lower.

白小纯诧异的回到了宅子时，远远地看到一个瘦高的青年，在自己宅子外走来走去，似很振奋的样子。
Shocked, he hurried back to his residence. Even as he approached from a distance, he saw a tall, skinny young man pacing back and forth excitedly in front of the main gate.

此人就是瘦下来后的张大胖了。
That young man was none other than Big Fatty Zhang, who had lost a significant amount of weight.

“大师兄。” 白小纯赶紧跑过去，高呼一声。
“Eldest Brother,” Bai Xiaochun exclaimed in greeting, hurrying forward.

“九师弟！”
“Ninth Junior Brother!”

张大胖立刻转身，看到白小纯后哈哈一笑，对于白小纯掌门师弟的身份，张大胖不在意，他的眼中，白小纯就是自己的小师弟。
Big Fatty Zhang replied, turning to look at Bai Xiaochun and laughing loudly. Big Fatty Zhang didn't care at all that Bai Xiaochun was now the Junior Brother of the sect leader.

此刻被白小纯带入宅子内，二人坐在院子里，彼此说了一下近况后，白小纯好奇的开口。
To Big Fatty Zhang, he was still his little Junior Brother. Bai Xiaochun dragged him into the courtyard, where they sat down to chat.

“大师兄，你很少来我这里，今天怎么过来了，有什么事需要我白小纯做的，你说就是。”
Curious, Bai Xiaochun said, “Eldest Brother, you hardly ever come to visit. What brought you over? Is there something you need my help with? Just say the word!”

对于张大胖，白小纯是真的把他当成自己哥哥一样，当初火灶房的一幕幕，每次回忆起来，白小纯都非常的温暖。
Bai Xiaochun had long since come to view Big Fatty Zhang as a true older brother. Whenever he thought back to their days together in the Ovens, he was always left with a warm feeling.

张大胖干咳一声，神色内掩饰不住的露出得意与激动，看了白小纯一眼，他一拍胸口，虽然在火灶房时拍肥肉的啪啪声变成了如今拍骨头的砰砰声，可气势却在这一瞬，顿时升起。
Big Fatty Zhang cleared his throat, but was unable to prevent the excitement and pride from showing on his face. Looking over, he slapped himself proudly on the chest. Back in the Ovens, it would have resulted in the sound of jiggling flesh, but now, only the creaking of bones could be heard. Even still, Big Fatty Zhang seemed enlivened.

“九师弟，告诉你一个天大的秘密！”
“Ninth Junior Brother, I have a huge secret to tell you!”

白小纯一听秘密这两个字，顿时睁大了眼，赶紧聆听，隐隐觉得这句话有些耳熟。
As soon as Bai Xiaochun heard that a huge secret was involved, his eyes went wide, and he began to pay rapt attention. Sounding very lofty, Big Fatty Zhang went on to say, “From now on, I, Big

“以后我张大胖，在灵溪宗，一定会声名赫赫，无人不知，甚至还会有不少弟子前来巴结，即便是筑基长辈，说不定也都会对我客客气气。”
Fatty Zhang, am definitely going to be famous in the Spirit Stream Sect. Everyone will know my name. Tons of disciples will be trying to get on my good side. In fact, even the Foundation Establishment seniors will probably treat me with the utmost respect.”

张大胖傲然开口。


“啊？
“Oh?”


Bai Xiaochun said, looking surprised.

怎么回事？
“What’s going on?

你也是小乌龟？”
Are you also the little turtle?”

白小纯一愣。
Glowing with exuberation, Big Fatty Zhang took a deep breath and lowered his voice.

“什么小乌龟，九师弟，你知道我师父是紫鼎山的掌座许媚香吧？”
“Little turtle? Pshh. Ninth Junior Brother, you know that my Master is the Peak Lord of Violet Cauldron Peak, Xu Meixiang, right?”

张大胖神采飞扬，看了白小纯一眼，深吸口气后，沉声开口。
Bai Xiaochun .

白小纯点头，此事他知晓，也明白张大胖之所以变瘦了，就是因为他师父不喜欢胖子，甚至因此他还产生过一些古怪的想法。
He had known who Big Fatty Zhang’s master was for some time, and also knew that she was the reason he had lost so much weight. She didn’t like fat people, although that had also led Bai Xiaochun to consider some other strange possibilities regarding the situation.

“知道我师父最擅长的是什么？
“Do you know what my Master is best at?”


Big Fatty Zhang continued.

炼灵！
“Spirit enhancement!

知道我从我师父那里学的是什么？
And do you know what I'm studying from my Master?

炼灵！”
Spirit enhancement!

“哈哈，我张大胖具备得天独厚的炼灵天赋，这天赋之强，就连我师父都赞不绝口，甚至惊讶无比！
“Hahaha! I, Big Fatty Zhang, happen to be blessed with incredible natural talent when it comes to spirit enhancement. My talent is so extraordinary that even my Master was completely shocked, and praised me to no end!

她今天亲口和我说，用不了多少年，我就会成为我们灵溪宗，炼灵第一大师！”
Today, she actually said that it would only be a few more years before I’m the number one grandmaster of spirit enhancement in the entire Spirit Stream Sect!”

张大胖站起身，激动的抬头望着天空，气势爆发，仿佛天下地上，唯我独尊。
Big Fatty Zhang rose to his feet, looking excitedly up into the sky, boiling with excitement. It was as if he were the most important being in existence.

“炼灵？” 白小纯眨了眨眼，看到张大胖此刻威武不凡的模样，连忙摆出崇拜的样子，惊呼起来。
Bai Xiaochun blinked. Seeing Big Fatty Zhang’s mighty pose, he quickly plastered an adoring expression on his face and exclaimed, “Spirit enhancement?”

察觉白小纯如此配合，张大胖更为高兴了，一拍白小纯的肩膀。
Bai Xiaochun’s reaction made Big Fatty Zhang even happier. Slapping his shoulder, he said, “Ninth Junior Brother, from here on out, lots of people are going to be asking me to do spirit enhancements. If I don't like them, I’ll refuse no matter what. If I do like them, then I’ll charge them an arm and a leg!

“九师弟，以后别人找我炼灵，我看不顺眼都不给他炼，看顺眼的也要价格昂贵才可，不过你和三胖，还有咱们火灶房的其他人，我这辈子不要你们一块灵石，自家兄弟，你们只要把材料准备齐，我定给你们炼好！”
But you and Third Fatty are both from the Ovens. For the rest of my life, I won’t charge you a single spirit stone. We’re family, so as long as you provide the ingredients, I’ll perform spirit enhancements for you for free!”

张大胖意气风发，这段日子，他从进入紫鼎山后，就始终压抑苦恼，如今发现自己具备炼灵天赋，他立刻狂喜，第一个想到的就是来找白小纯。
Big Fatty Zhang seemed high-spirited and full of mettle. From the moment he arrived at Violet Cauldron Peak, he had felt suppressed, but now that he knew he had a talent for spirit enhancement, he was elated. This was actually the first time he had ever come to visit Bai Xiaochun.

“师兄威武！”
“Elder Brother, you’re incredible!”

白小纯露出狂喜的模样，欢呼起来。
Bai Xiaochun exclaimed, looking ecstatic. “Come, come,” said Big Fatty Zhang.

“来来来，你随便给我拿一个物品，师兄当着你们，就给你炼一次，你拿着这把武器，几个月后的资格战，定可列位我南岸前十，代表南岸与北岸进行天骄战！”
“Give me something, anything. I’ll do a onefold enhancement right here. With one of my weapons, you’ll definitely get into the south bank’s top ten during the qualifying rounds a few months from now. Then you can represent the south bank to fight the north bank in the

张大胖高兴，大声说道。
Chosen battles!”

“呃 ”白小纯眨了眨眼，看到张大胖这样振奋，于是索性从储物袋内拿出一把灵溪宗寻常的飞剑，这样的剑，他有好几把，此刻带着期待递了过去。
“Uh” Bai Xiaochun blinked a few times. Seeing how excited Big Fatty Zhang was, he fished around in his bag of holding for a bit, and then pulled out one of the Spirit Stream Sect’s ordinary flying swords, of which he had a few. He quickly handed it over to Big Fatty Zhang.

张大胖拿过飞剑，深吸口气，一拍储物袋，竟从储物袋内飞出数十块矿石之物，被他操控，与飞剑漂浮在了一起。
Big Fatty Zhang took a deep breath and then slapped his bag of holding, causing a few pieces of ore to fly out, which then floated around the sword. Then he closed his eyes, and unleashed the explosive power of his cultivation base.

他双眼闭合，片刻后全身修为轰然爆发，他的修为虽不如白小纯，可也到了凝气六层大圆满的样子，此刻头发飞扬，白小纯立刻看到张大胖的左手，竟在这一刻散发出强烈的银光。
Although his cultivation base couldn’t quite match up to Bai Xiaochun’s, he was already in the great circle of the sixth level of Qi Condensation. His hair whipped about as he waved his left hand, causing silver light to shine out.

这光芒闪耀时，四周顿时出现大风，隐隐仿佛改变了四周的灵气波动，更有一丝丝灵气赫然从四周急速的涌来，直奔那些矿石，如过滤一样又飞出，冲向张大胖的左手，而那些矿石也飞速的融化，眨眼间少了大半。
As soon as the light appeared, a wind sprang up, and the entire area seemed to fill with fluctuations of spiritual energy. The energy streamed toward the pieces of ore, which filtered the energy before it passed on toward Big Fatty Zhang’s left hand. At the same time, the pieces of ore began to melt.


In a short time, they were already half gone.

白小纯目中光芒闪耀，这还是他第一次看到别人炼灵，与他用龟纹锅截然不同，似乎是炼灵师本人，去沟通天地，引来磅礴狂暴之力，通过那些矿石转化后，变的温和起来。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flickered. This was his first time ever watching as someone performed a spirit enhancement, and the process was very different than when he used the turtle-wok. Apparently, the spirit enhancer would communicate directly with heaven and earth, and then filter its explosive power through the ore to soften it.

很快的，张大胖身体颤抖起来，哆嗦了足足半柱香的时间，他深吸口气，双眼猛地睁开，左手银光刺目，顺着剑身一扫。
Soon, Big Fatty Zhang began to shake. After enough time passed for half an incense stick to burn, he took a deep breath, and his eyes snapped open. Then, blinding silver light shot out from his hand to sweep over the sword.

“开灵！”
“Spirit Actuation!”

仿佛四周的虚无都震了一下，银光瞬间从张大胖的左手飞出，化作无数丝线钻入飞剑内，眨眼间，这把飞剑就成为了银色。
The air seemed to vibrate as the silver light shooting out from Big Fatty Zhang’s hand bored into the flying sword. In the blink of an eye, the entire sword had turned silver.

这一幕太过惊人，白小纯看的倒吸口气，心神真的一震。
The sight was shocking to say the least, and Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but gasp.

许久，张大胖气喘吁吁，将手中的银色飞剑递给白小纯。
Panting, Big Fatty Zhang handed the flying sword over to Bai Xiaochun. “Take it,” he said, his voice brimming with confidence.

“拿着，这把剑此刻已开灵了，你将体内灵力涌入试灵，必定成功出现银纹！”
“The sword’s spirit has already been actuated. If you pour some more spiritual power into it to do a spirit test, the silver designs should appear!”

张大胖擦了下额头的汗水，自信满满的大声开口。
With that, he moppe d the sweat off of his forehead.

白小纯接过飞剑，心情激荡，体内灵力猛地散出，融入飞剑内，可就在灵力与飞剑融合的瞬间，咔咔之声传出，这把飞剑上的银光，瞬间黯淡，到了最后完全消失，而这把剑上，出现了一道道裂缝，似承受不住天地之力的锻造，气息全无，彻底成为了废铁。
Bai Xiaochun took the flying sword and then excitedly poured some spiritual power into it. Instantly, cracking sounds could be heard as silver lines appeared on the surface of the sword. Moments later though, they faded away, and then cracks began to spread out, as if the sword couldn’t contain the energy of heaven and earth which had been imbued into it. A moment later, it had transformed into nothing but a lump of slag.

“啊？”
“Huh?”

白小纯一愣，张大胖也呆了一下，二人你看看我，我看看你。
Bai Xiaochun said, looking surprised. Big Fatty Zhang’s jaw dropped, and the two of them exchanged glances.

白小纯干咳一声，正要开口说自己这把剑质量不好时，张大胖一把拿过飞剑，眼珠子都瞪起来了，呼吸急促的仔细观察，片刻后狠狠一跺脚。
Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat, and was just about to say that it had been a low quality sword to begin with, when Big Fatty Zhang grabbed it and looked it over with wide eyes. After a moment, he stamped his foot angrily. “I made a mistake. I didn't control the fusion with the spirit iron.

“方才是我失误了，没控制好灵铁融化的量，导致天地之力的狂暴多了一些，没事，九师弟你再给我一把飞剑，我给你在炼一次！”
The energy of heaven and earth was a bit too vol atile. Ah, it doesn’t matter. Alright Ninth Junior Brother, give me another flying sword, I’ll try again.”

张大胖执着的望着白小纯，目中都有了血丝。
Big Fatty Zhang stared at Bai Xiaochun with bloods hot eyes.

白小纯不忍，于是再次拿出了一把飞剑，张大胖深吸口气，这一次神色极为认真，片刻后，当这第二把飞剑也充满了银光时，张大胖递给白小纯。
Bai Xiaochun produced another flying sword, whereupon Big Fatty Zhang took a deep breath. Expression very serious, he went through the process again, until the sword glowed with silver light. Then he handed it back to Bai Xiaochun.

“要不 大师兄你自己尝试一下？”
“Why don’t why don’t you do the test, Eldest Brother?”

白小纯迟疑的开口。
Bai Xiaochun said hesitantly.

“炼灵第一铁律，任何炼灵物品，除非是炼灵师自身之物，否则绝不可代为试灵！
Voice solemn, Big Fatty Zhang said, “The first major rule of spirit enhancement is that unless the object belongs to the spirit enhancer, then he must not do the spirit test himself!

这是铁律，不可触犯，一旦开了戒，日后会引来无数麻烦。”
It's a set rule that I can’t violate. If I break the taboo, i t will lead to endless troubles.”

张大胖严肃的说道。 白小纯眼看张大胖此刻执着的样子，赶紧接过飞剑，他是真的希望可以成功，否则的话，对张大胖打击实在不小。
Seeing how determined Big Fatty Zhang was, Bai Xiaochun nervously took the sword. He truly wanted it to work this time, otherwise it would be a significant blow to Big Fatty Zhang.

沉吟时，白小纯忽然开口。 “那个 大师兄，你在这里等我，我回房间去试，方才我琢磨着，可能是我太紧张了。”
After a moment of thought, he said, “Hm Eldest Brother, why don’t you wait here for a moment. I'll go to into my room to do the test. I think I put too much thought into it before and got too nervous.”

第八十一章 念灵古法
0080 chapter-81

张大胖心底也紧张，听到白小纯这么说后，他也觉得似乎有些道理，于是连忙点头。
Big Fatty Zhang was already starting to get nervous. However, after hearing Bai Xiaochun’s suggestions, he realized that it made sense, and in agreement.


Clearing his throat, he tried to pretend that he wasn’t nervous at all.

“对对，师尊也说过，让我不要看到失败与成功，九师弟，你快回房间里试灵吧。”
“Of course. As my Master said, I shouldn’t be there to see whether the enhancement succeeds or not. Ninth Junior Brother, hurry inside and try out the spirit test.”

张大胖咳嗽一声，故作镇定的赶紧说道。 白小纯转身快走几步，回到了房间后，他看了手中飞剑一眼，皱起眉头，担心打击到了张大胖，没有轻易去尝试，而是掐诀一指，立刻龟纹锅出现。
Bai Xiaochun turned and hurried inside. Frowning, he looked down at the flying sword. Worried about Big Fatty Zhang getting disappointed, he didn’t attempt any test, but instead, performed an incantation gesture and pointed out, causing the turtle-wok to appear.

“唉，大师兄之前始终压抑，如今好不容易恢复了信心，可不能让他失望的离去，不知道这样的话，会不会使得飞剑炼灵成功。”
“Ai. Eldest Brother has been under too much pressure from the very beginning. He's finally got some confidence back, so I can’t let him leave disappointed. I wonder if using the turtle-wok will make the enhancement of this flying sword a success.”

白小纯沉吟中，取出一色火，将手中没有试灵的银色飞剑，扔入锅中。
Muttering to himself, he started a one-colored flame and then threw the untested flying sword into the wok.

银光本就刺眼，此刻再次一闪后，白小纯收起龟纹锅，拿起银色飞剑，咬牙之下，体内灵气轰然而出，一瞬间，没有丝毫阻碍的融入剑身内，银光刹那强烈的收缩，最后在剑身上形成了一道银纹。
Silver light glittered brightly, after which he put the turtle-wok away. Gritting his teeth, he poured some of his spiritual energy into the sword, whereupon the silver light condensed into a single silver design.

“成了！” 白小纯惊喜，他也不知道是张大胖本就成功了，还是自己后加工的原因，赶紧推开大门走了出去。
“It worked!” he thought, although he wasn't sure whether it was because of what Big Fatty Zhang had done, or whether it was because of his own work. He quickly pushed the door open and rushed out.

“大师兄，成了，成了啊，大师兄你太厉害了！”
“Eldest Brother! It worked. It worked! You’re so awesome, Eldest Brother!”

院子里，张大胖患得患失，心底紧张的不得了，面部都僵硬，看到白小纯后，他身体一颤，当看到白小纯手中的飞剑上的银纹时，他猛地一拍大腿，扬天大笑。
Big Fatty Zhang had been standing there nervously in the courtyard, wondering what the result would be. As soon as he saw Bai Xiaochun, a tremor ran through him. Then he saw the silver design on the flying sword. Slapping his thigh, he threw his head back and laughed loudly.

“怎么样，怎么样！”
“Well, how did it turn out? It’s just like I said.

“我就说么，之前是没控制好力度，我在紫鼎山可是成功过三把武器了，连我师父都说我天赋高，九师弟，这一次成功了吧！”
I didn’t control the power last time. Back on Violet Cauldron Peak, I successfully enhanced three weapons already. Even my Master couldn’t help but praise my talent. And here I did it again, Ninth Junior Brother!”

张大胖激动，拿过白小纯递过来的飞剑，眉开眼笑的看去。
Big Fatty Zhang excitedly grabbed the sword from Bai Xiaochun to look at it.

白小纯在一旁，目中露出崇拜，看的张大胖更为振奋，他深吸口气，手臂一挥。
Bai Xiaochun stood off to the side, looking admiringly at Big Fatty Zhang. Seeing Big Fatty Zhang look so excited, he sighed in contentment.

“来，师兄今天高兴，再给你炼一次，让这把剑，炼灵两次！”
“Alright, your Elder Brother is in a good mood now. I’m going to enhance it once more. This sword is going to have a twofold spirit enhancement!”

“大师兄，要不下次吧 ”白小纯隐隐觉得，这样似乎有些不妥，他依稀记得宗门对于炼灵，似乎有很多忌讳。
Bai Xiaochun had the feeling that such an attempt wasn’t a very good idea. If he recalled correctly, there were a lot of sect rules and taboos regarding spirit enhancement. “Eldest Brother, why don’t we try that some other time”

“无妨！”
“No, it’s fine!”

张大胖不容分说，拿着飞剑，精神抖擞，全力以赴的开始炼灵。
Big Fatty Zhang said decisively. Holding the sword in hand, he began to concentrate and build up energy.

这二次炼灵明显比之前困难好多，张大胖的那些矿石几乎全部都用了，全身颤抖，甚至还吞下了不少丹药，这才勉强的引来天地之力，融入剑身中，直至此剑银光闪耀，张大胖整个人虚脱的坐在地上，气喘如牛。
This second attempt at spirit enhancement was clearly much more difficult, and he had to use all of the ores he possessed. He began to tremble, and even consumed some medicinal pills before finally managing to draw upon enough of the energy of heaven and earth to begin the process. When he poured the energy into the sword, dazzling silver light shone out, after which Big Fatty Zhang sat dow n heavily onto the ground, pa nting.

但他的目中却带着兴奋，把剑给了白小纯。
However, his eyes shone with excitement as he handed the sword to Bai Xiaochun.

“再试试！”
“Go ahead and test it!”

白小纯立刻点头，接过飞剑后还没等试灵，张大胖一把抓住他的手，严肃的叮嘱。
Bai Xiaochun frowned as he took the sword. However, before he could test it, Big Fatty Zhang reached out and grabbed his hand.

“别在这里试，我和你说九师弟，试灵最重要的就是感觉，感觉好的时候，如有神助，你既然在房间里成功，那么就还是回房间去试！”
“Don’t test it here,” he said solemnly. “Remember, Ninth Junior Brother, the most important part of the spirit testing process is the feeling you have. When the moment feels right, it’s like having the assistance of the gods. Since you succeeded in your room last time, that’s where you should test it this time!”

白小纯眨了眨眼，觉得张大胖对于炼灵真的很懂的样子，于是凝重的点了点头，跑回房间后想了想。
Bai Xiaochun blinked a few times at how much Big Fatty Zhang seemed to know about spirit enhancement. Nodding, he trotted back to his room thoughtfully.

“说不定大师兄的炼灵，的确是很厉害，方才我就算不用龟纹锅，也是成功的。”
“Eldest Brother might actually be really good at spirit enhancement. It’s hard to say. Just now, he seemed to have succeeded, even without any help from my turtle-wok.”

他想到这里，看了手中飞剑一眼，索性不用龟纹锅，体内灵力猛地散开，融入剑身内。
Having reached this point in his train of thought, he decided not to put the flying sword into the turtle-wok. Instead, he simply poured some spiritual power directly into the sword.

眨眼间，银光一闪，可却飞速的黯淡，咔咔声中，飞剑上出现了一道道裂缝，成为了废品。
In the blink of an eye, silver light flashed. But then, it rapidly dimmed. Cracking sounds rang out, and the sword was reduced to useless slag.

白小纯立刻苦着脸，正发愁时，外面传来张大胖紧张中带着焦急的声音。
Even as Bai Xiaochun frowned anxiously, he could hear Big Fatty Zhang talking outside.

“九师弟，我好像方才看到银光了，怎么样了，成没成？”
“Ninth Junior Brother, I just saw some silver light. What happened. Did it succeed?”

“那个 我还没试，我这就试 ”白小纯连忙开口，焦急起来。
“Um I didn’t test it yet,” Bai Xiaochun replied quickly. “Let me do it now”

院子里，张大胖沉默，脸上露出苦涩，他也不傻，怎么会听不出来，况且方才白小纯进入木屋后，他依稀看到窗户的位置有银光一闪。
Big Fatty Zhang stood there quietly outside, bitter nervousness written across his face. He was no idiot, and was quite certain that he'd seen silver light shining out of the window of Bai Xiaochun’s log cabin moments before.

轻叹一声，他知道白小纯是不愿意让自己失望，此刻深吸口气，他向着木屋开口。
Sighing, he assumed that Bai Xiaochun simply didn’t want to admit that it had been a failure.

“九师弟，师兄知道你尝试了，没事的，我 我先走了。”
Taking a deep breath, he called out, “I know that you performed the test, Ninth Junior Brother. It's fine. I’ll I’ll just take my leave now.”

张大胖来的时候满是振奋，此刻被现实打击，难免消沉。
Upon arriving, Big Fatty Zhang had been bursting with excitement, but the blow he had just received left him sinking into despondency.

他知道自己鲁莽了，按照他师父的说法，炼灵是一种很玄妙的术法，这种术法没有人可以具备完全的成功率，可偏偏整个修真界有一个很奇怪的现象，似乎 成功的越多之人，就越是可以成功，而失败越多，就越是无法成功。
He was aware that he had acted rashly. According to his Master, spirit enhancement was a very mysterious magical technique, and to achieve a perfect success rate with it was impossible. Furthermore, in the cultivation world, there was a strange phenomenon. Apparently people who succeeded once would find it easier to succeed in the future, whereas people who failed would have the oppos ite experience.

说来拗口，可实际上是一种念的力量在决定，那是很玄妙的感觉，仿佛越是自信，成功的可能就越多。
It sounded strange, but the truth was that it came down to the power of will. It was a mysterious thing, and the more confidence one possessed, the more likely one was to succeed.

所以在炼灵界内，有两种修行之法，一种是正统，讲究的炼灵师只负责炼灵，不会亲自试灵，且物品交给雇主后，会有要求雇主不可在炼灵师面前试灵。
When it came to the world of spirit enhancement, there were two main techniques that could be cultivated. One was the orthodox method, in which the spirit enhancer was responsible for only the initial spirit enhancement. He would not personally perform the spirit test. Instead, the object would be given to the owner, who would perform the spirit test out of the spirit enhancer’s presence.

无论成功与失败，都不会影响炼灵师的心态，一尘不染，物品交给雇主后，炼灵师就会自行忘记此事，始终保持一种平静的状态。
That way, success or failure wouldn't affect the mental state of the spirit enhancer. Without having been corrupted by the sight of the result, the spirit enhancer would be able to forget about the matter, and maintain a calm heart.


However, there was another, more extreme method that was cultivated.


It was called the Will-Spirit Grand Magic.

而还有一种极端的修行之法，叫做念灵古法，讲究是的玄而又玄的念力之法，就是一定要亲眼看到是否成功，越是成功，则自身炼灵越是惊人，只是太极端了，一旦受挫过多，影响之大，甚至可以毁了天赋，一生不敢去碰触炼灵。
It focused on the profound and mysterious power of will. In that method, the spirit enhancer would take great care to watch the outcome of the spirit enhancement. That way, the more successes they experienced, the more shocking their spirit enhancement abilities would become. It was an extreme method, and failure could have a very extreme negative impact on the spirit enhancer, even to the point of ruining their talents altogether.

虽然如此，可却有不少人追捧此法，甚至张大胖的师尊许媚香也都承认，若有人修行那种极端的炼灵之法，可以逆天的连续成功到了一定的次数，那么此人的念力将自信到极致，在炼灵上，将惊天动地。
Even still, quite a few people attempted to use that method. Even Big Fatty Zhang’s Master Xu Meixiang had to admit that if someone cultivated such an extreme method of spirit enhancement, they could achieve heaven-defying results. Their power of will, and their self-confidence, would achieve monumentally spectacular results.

灵溪宗的镇宗之宝，那把炼灵了十次的天角剑，就是万年前，被一位这样疯狂的炼灵师，炼制出来。
The Spirit Stream Sect’s sect-protecting treasure, the Heavenhorn Sword, which had received a tenfold spirit enhancement, had been produced by just such an eccentric spirit enhancer, thousands of years in the past. Big Fatty Zhang smiled bitterly.

张大胖苦涩，他明白，他们紫鼎山这一脉，是修行那正统之法的，自己因太激动，犯下了这个错误，没有了平静的心，不知需要多久才可以恢复过来。
He well understood that on Violet Cauldron Peak, the orthodox method of cultivation was preferred. By allowing himself to be overcome by excitement, he had made a huge mistake. The calmness in his heart had been disturbed, and it would take quite some time to recover.

白小纯在房间内，顺着窗户看到张大胖失落的背影，他一咬牙，他不想让张大胖失望，立刻从储物袋内找出了一把一样的飞剑，取出龟纹锅，快速的炼灵两次。
Bai Xiaochun could see Big Fatty Zhang’s dejected posture through the window. Unwilling to allow him to be so disappointed, he gritted his teeth and produced an identical flying sword from within his bag of holding. Then he pulled out the turtle-wok and quickly performed a twofold spirit enhancement.

张大胖苦笑，推开院子的门，正要走处时，忽然的，他身后传来白小纯惊喜的声音。
By that point, the bitter Big Fatty Zhang had placed his hand onto the gate of the courtyard and was about to leave. All of a sudden, Bai Xiaochun’s elated voice rang out.

“大师兄，成了！”
“Eldest Brother, it worked!”

木屋的门被一把推开，白小纯拿着有两道银纹的飞剑，神色狂喜的冲出。
The door of the log cabin slammed open as Bai Xiaochun rushed out, overjoyed, holding a flying sword with two silver designs visible on its surface.

“真的？”
“Really?”

张大胖身体一震，猛地转身，看到了飞剑后立刻拿在手中，身体慢慢颤抖，有些不敢置信，慢慢眼中露出激动。
A tremor ran through Big Fatty Zhang as he spun to look at the flying sword. Then he began to shake, a look of both excitement and disbelief growing in his eyes. “Hahaha!

“哈哈，我张大胖的确是炼灵上的天骄，竟两次成功，炼灵两次啊，我居然都成功了！”
I really am a Chosen among spirit enhancers. A twofold spirit enhancement! I can’t believe it! I succeeded!’

张大胖一把抱住白小纯，狂喜中眼泪都差点流了下来，他修行的资质一般，若非是祖上与师尊有些渊源，也不可能进入灵溪宗。
He wrapped Bai Xiaochun up into a bear hug, tears of joy streaming down his face. The truth was that his latent talent was only average, if it weren’t for the deep connections between his family and his Master, he would never have been admitted into the Spirit Stream Sect.

火灶房时，有那些天材地宝，他才可以而到凝气三层大圆满，进入外门后，没有了那些天材地宝，他修行越发艰难，看着黑三胖超越了自己，看着白小纯超越了自己，他虽祝福，可心中也有失落。
It was only because of the precious materials back in the Ovens that he’d been able to cultivate to the great circle of the third level of Qi Condensation. After joining the Outer Sect, he had no such precious materials, and thus found cultivation to be very difficult. He could only watch as Third Fatty Hei and Bai Xiaochun both surpassed him, and although he was happy for them, he was very disappointed in himself.

如今知晓自己有炼灵天赋，他的喜悦外人难以想象，他觉得，自己是有用的，此刻激动中他扬天大笑，一股强烈的信心充斥全身，隐隐的，似乎有一丝丝奇异的力凝聚 这一丝丝奇异之力，正是念力的雏形。
Now that he turned out to be talented in spirit enhancement, the joy he felt was unimaginable. He suddenly felt useful. Filled with excitement, he threw his head back and laughed loudly, feeling the confidence wash through him. As it did, a strange power seemed to build up which was none other than the intangible power of will.

炼灵极端之路，越成功，越自信，念力越强，成功越大！
Spirit enhancement was an extreme path to follow, the more you succeeded, the more confidence you had.

或许，哪怕不是自身，可只要认为是自己做到的，阶梯式的一次次成功，那么，一样可以诞生玄之又玄的念力。
The stronger your power of will, the more you would succeed! Perhaps the mere belief that success was possible would help one to climb the steps of success, and breed that most mysterious power of will.

张大胖走了，带着振奋，带着激昂，远远离去，白小纯送别张大胖，站在院子里，他不知道自己之前做的是对是错，可看到张大胖那么开心的样子，他觉得，自己没错。
Big Fatty Zhang left excitedly, holding his head proudly. Bai Xiaochun watched him go, then stood there in his courtyard wondering if he’d done the right thing. In the end, he decided that as long as Big Fatty Zhang was happy, then he couldn’t be in the wrong.

张大胖离开数日后，白小纯从许宝财那里，终于知晓了香云山人少的原因，因为几乎所有的外门弟子中，但凡修为到了凝气六层以上，都开始闭关了，试图突破到八层，渴望参与那半甲子一次的宗门天骄战！
A few days after Big Fatty Zhang left, Bai Xiaochun got some new information from Xu Baocai. Apparently, the reason why fewer people could be seen on Fragrant Cloud Peak was that all of the disciples from the sixth level of Qi Condensation and higher had gone into secluded meditation, hoping to break through to the eighth level in preparation for the Chosen battles, which happened only once every thirty years!

南北两岸外门天骄战，会在三个月后举行，此战将被整个灵溪宗瞩目，东林洲范围内所有修真家族与小宗门，都对此极为关注。
The joint north and south bank Chosen battles were only about three months away, and would be the focus of attention of the entire Spirit Stream Sect. Throughout the Eastwood Continent, the cultivator clans and other small sects would also be paying close attention to the results.

这一战，是南北两岸的外门当代天骄争斗，抉择出的前十名，将是灵溪宗的龙子凤女，以此身份晋升内门弟子，无论是名气还是宗门的在意程度，都将与其他时候晋升内门弟子之人，截然不同。
During the Chosen battles, Outer Sect Chosen from both the north and south banks would fight each other in an attempt to claim the top ten spots. All of the top male and female disciples would rise up like dragons and phoenixes, hoping to be promoted into the Inner Sect. Whether in terms of personal fame or the approval of the sect, disciples who ascended to the Inner Sect in this fashion were viewed completely differently than other disciples.

每三十年一次的天骄战前十，历代都会持续的辉煌下去，成为宗门的翘楚之辈，名震八方，即便是其他与灵溪宗等同的庞大宗门，也都在意。
Every thirty years, the top ten Chosen of the generation would always move on to greater glory. They were the outstanding talents, famous and revered far and near. Even other sects with status similar to the Spirit Stream Sect would acknowledge them.

同时但凡可以列位南北天骄战的前十，宗门都有惊人的奖赏，尤其是第一，据说仅仅贡献就高达数十万，更不用说天材地宝之物，甚至还可获得一次进入宗门秘境的机会。
Anyone who could be ranked in the top ten in the Chosen battles would also receive handsome compensation from the sect. Word had it that the prize in merit points reached into the tens of thousands, not to mention the other precious materials that would be given out. Furthermore, there was also the chance to enter the sect's arcane pocket realm.

使得无数人心动不已。
Everyone was moved by the possibilities at hand.

而对于传说中神秘莫测的传承序列的选拔，所需的资历里，以南北天骄战前十成为内门，也是重要的推动力。
Beyond all that, the best of the best would have the chance to pursue a spot in the legendary Legacy Echelon. One requirement was to be in the top ten of the Chosen battles, which was in turn another motivating factor to all disciples.

在这天骄战之前，则是资格战，南北两岸各自举行，选择出各岸最强的外门十大弟子，代表各岸参与天骄战。
Before the Chosen battles, of course, were the qualifying rounds. Both the north and south banks would have their own qualifying rounds, during which they would select the ten best disciples to move on to the final Chosen battles. The cultivation base requirement was set at the eighth level of Qi Condensation.

而这一次，修为的界限，被定在了凝气八层，只有凝气八层可以参与，想要成为内门弟子，有两个要求，一个是凝气八层，一个是通过试炼，平日里的晋升试炼，各种方式都有，唯独每三十年一次的天骄战时，按照惯例，都会将资格战，列为试炼。
Only disciples of that level could participate. There were two main requirements to enter the Inner Sect first, to be in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and second, to pass a trial by fire. Normally speaking, there were a variety of trials by fire which could be attempted to get into the Inner

而这种试炼，也被宗门的弟子称呼为最强试炼，同样也是最瞩目的试炼！
Sect. However, the Chosen battles which occurred every thirty years were the most difficult of them all, and also the most watched in all the sect!

所以不少外门弟子，之所以始终没有晋升，就是在等资格战的时间，资格战列位前五十，就可晋升内门，列位前十，便可成为代表，参与灵溪宗的南北天骄战。
Of the numerous Outer Sect disciples who made the attempt, most would not be promoted. Only those who made it into the top hundred in the qualifying round would get into the Inner Sect. As for the top ten, they qualified to participate in the Chosen battles for the entire Spirit Stream Sect.

如上官天佑，吕天磊、周心琪等人，都是这种想法，成为南岸前十，与北岸天骄开战，最终以南北天骄战前十的身份，成为内门弟子，目标是若干年后，有机会踏入灵溪宗的传承序列，这才是他们的选择。
Shangguan Tianyou, Lu Tianlei, and Zhou Xinqi were all people who wanted to get into the south bank’s top ten, and then fight with the Chosen from the north bank. If they could become Inner Sect disciples in such a way, then they would have a shot at eventually reaching the Legacy Echelon.

第八十二章 南岸天骄
0081 chapter-82

而在这一千年，南岸始终被北岸压了一头，每一次的外门天骄战，前十之中大半都是北岸弟子，使得南岸抬不起头，更不用说第一的名头，千年来，都是被北岸摘走。
During the past thousand years, the south bank had always been outdone by the north bank. In all of the Outer Sect Chosen battles which had been held, the majority of the final top ten were north bank disciples. The south bank had never been able to achieve dominance, much less take the first place spot, which went to the north bank each and every time.

这里面，也有原因是北岸四峰，南岸只有三山的缘故在内，可在这一千年前，只有三山的南岸，与现在完全不同，无论是炼灵还是炼药，都可以成为宗门的支柱，无人敢招惹丝毫，而修剑的青峰山，更是被称之为灵溪宗战力最强之山。
One reason was that the north bank had four mountain peaks, while the south bank only had three. More than a thousand years ago, things had been different. Whether it was in terms of spirit enhancement or medicine concocting, the disciples of the south bank had been the pillars of the sect, and no one had ever dared to tangle with them. As for the sword cultivators of Green Crest Peak, they gave their mountain peak the reputation of being the strongest in the entire Spirit Stream Sect.

可如今，处于某些原因，完全逆转，北岸势大，在每一次获胜后，都获得了大量的资源倾斜，使得整体的战力越来越强，再加上北岸的修行之法，与南岸完全不同，也就使得在很多外部宗门与修真家族看去，灵溪宗，北岸强势，已成主导。
But now, for various reasons, everything had changed, and the north bank was the most dominant. They continuously secured victory in the Chosen battles, and as such, earned vast cultivation resources, which ensured that their battle prowess only continued to grow. Furthermore, their practice of cultivation differed somewhat from the south bank, so different that many of the outside cultivator clans had come to view the north bank as the dominant force within the Spirit Stream Sect, and its effective leader.

灵溪宗，南岸驭物，北岸驭兽！ 如白小纯入门时所学的，是紫气驭鼎功，而在北岸入门时，所学则是通天驭象功！
In the Spirit Stream Sect, the south bank used magic to control inanimate objects, while the north bank controlled living beasts! For example, upon joining the sect, Bai Xiaochun had learned the Violet Qi

所以香云山的万药阁，不但有草木五篇，还有灵兽五篇！
Cauldron Control Art. In contrast, the introductory art for north bank disciples was the Heavenspan Elephant Control Art!

鉴于这千年来两岸对战，南岸连连失败，尤其是三十年前的那一次，居然前十中只有一个是南岸之人，此事让南岸三山的掌座与长老，纷纷愤怒，下了狠心亲自外出，这才有了上官天佑三人的出现。
During the Chosen battles held over the past thousand years, the south bank had suffered defeat over and over again. That was especially true of the battles fought thirty years before, in which only one disciple from the south bank had ended up in the top ten. That, of course, infuriated the elders and peak lords of the three mountain peaks of the south bank.


Afterward, they personally went out to look for new talented disciples, which was how

上官天佑，吕天磊，还有周心琪，是这一次南岸准备的杀手锏，这三人都被各山掌座收为弟子，悉心栽培，如今修为都是凝气八层，且在战力上，已能战胜不少内门。
Shangguan Tianyou and the other top C hosen came to join the sect. Shangguan Tianyou, Lu Tianlei, and Zhou Xinqi were the trump cards of the south bank. They were the apprentices of the peak lords, and had been meticulously trained until their cultivation bases reached the pinnacle of the eighth level of Qi Condensation. In terms of battle prowess, they were already in a position to be able to defeat many disciples of the Inner Sect.

尤其是上官天佑，更是惊人，擅长虚空之法，被誉为南岸外门第一天骄。
Shangguan Tianyou was the most impressive of them all, adept with void magic, and generally accepted as the number one Chosen of the south bank.

而擅长雷道的吕天磊，同样不俗，雷法惊人，就连其师尊许媚香，也都赞叹有加，断定吕天磊此番必定南北天骄战前十。
Lu Tianlei was skilled with the Dao of lightning, and was extraordinary in his own right. His lightning magic was shocking, and even his Master Xu Meixiang praised him ceaselessly, virtually guaranteeing him a spot in the top ten.

还有周心琪，她平日里显露出的是药道造诣，可实际上她的术法，有李青候亲自教导，一样强悍。
Then there was Zhou Xinqi, who showed incredible skill in the Dao of medicine. Of course, as Li Qinghou’s personal apprentice, she also had astonishing magical techniques at her disposal.

这些事情白小纯从许宝财那里知晓后，心里也觉得不忿，觉得北岸太欺负人了。
When Bai Xiaochun learned about the overall situation from Xu Baocai, he couldn’t help but feel indignant at the despotic way the north bank acted.

“等我筑基后，一定要去北岸的外门弟子中，好好地杀杀他们的威风！”
Filled with emotion, he swore to himself “Just wait until I reach Foundation Establishment. I’ll definitely cut those north bank Outer Sect disciples down a notch or two!”

白小纯傲然的在心底有了这样的豪情，至于这所谓的南岸资格战，还有之后的天骄战，他一点兴趣都没有。
As far as the south bank qualifying matches, and the subsequent Chosen battles, he wasn’t the least bit interested in them.

这种打打杀杀的事情，白小纯觉得不符合自己的身份，他是荣耀弟子，是掌门师弟，辈分都不一样，白小纯觉得自己不应该去和那些晚辈争抢。
As far as Bai Xiaochun was concerned, fighting and killing weren’t his style. He was a Prestige disciple, and the Junior Brother of the sect leader. He existed on a higher plane of seniority, and didn’t feel that it was appropriate for him to be competing with members of the junior generation.

“万一争不过怎么办，这不给掌门师兄丢人么，算了，我还是不去了。”
“Besides, what would happen if I didn't win?” he thought with a dry cough. “Wouldn’t that lose a lot of face for elder Brother Sect Leader? Forget about it. I’m definitely not participating.”

白小纯干咳一声，觉得自己为了掌门师兄，为了宗门牺牲这么大，应该可以去找师尊上香，诉诉苦了。
When he thought about how much he was sacrificing just for his Elder Brother Sect Leader, he decided that he should probably go burn some incense to his Master and complain a bit about the situation. Life was great.

白小纯想的很美，也没当回事，在这之后的两个月，他总是去找张大胖，让张大胖炼灵，每次都不当着张大胖的面，自己用龟纹锅再炼，取出时立刻在张大胖面前露出激动与狂喜。
Bai Xiaochun didn’t think much about the Chosen battles. Instead, he visited Big Fatty Zhang as often as he could. Every time Big Fatty Zhang would try a spirit enhancement, Bai Xiaochun would use his turtle- wok to turn it into a success, which led Big Fatty Zhang into new realms of excitement.

张大胖开始也很诧异，可渐渐地，却是惊喜，而后慢慢得意，甚至习以为常，他自己也非常确定了，自己的的确确是炼灵天才。
At a certain point, Big Fatty Zhang began to suspect that something was going on, but was so happy that he simply reveled in the feeling of success. Eventually, he got used to the situation, and came to be convinced that he really was a genius spirit enhancer.

甚至在他这强烈的自信下，他的炼灵之法，竟形成了念力，越来越强烈。
Considering the incredible level of self-confidence that he was building, his spirit enhancement magic and power of will also began to grow much stronger.

时间流逝，一个月后，资格战举行前的第三天，白小纯接到了宗门的通知，但凡是凝气八层，是一定要参与资格战的，没有缓和余地。
Time passed. A month later, it was only three days until the qualifying round began. It was at that point that Bai Xiaochun got a notice from the sect informing him that attendance in the qualifying round was mandatory for all disciples in the eighth level of Qi Condensation. There were to be no exceptions.

白小纯扫了玉简一眼，打了个哈气，不以为然，继续炼丹。
After scanning the jade slip, Bai Xiaochun yawned. Assuming there must be some mistake with the message, he continued his pill concocting.

直至三天后，清晨时，南岸钟声回荡，他才晃晃悠悠的走在山门内，看着大量的外门弟子一个个神色肃然的前行，他打起精神，跟着人群走去。
Three days later at dawn, bells filled the south bank, and Bai Xiaochun strolled out into the sect to see countless Outer Sect disciples hurrying along with very serious expressions. Spirits rising, he joined the crowd of moving people.

不多时，就到了南岸三山之后的一处山谷内，里面范围极大，白玉铺路，形成了一个巨大的广场，四周更有一根根盘龙柱，惊天而起。
Soon, he reached a certain valley behind the three mountain peaks. It was a huge place, paved with white jade, in the middle of which was a huge, open square, with four awe-inspiring columns in the corners carved with coiling dragons.

每两根盘龙柱之间，还存在雕像，这些雕像全部是凶兽，一个个栩栩如生，使得凶煞之意，扩散八方，让这整个山谷广场都处于肃杀之中。
Between each column was another statue depicting a fierce beast, extremely lifelike in appearance. The ferocious nature of it all made the entire valley seethe with a bleak and violent aura.

四周的山壁上，有一处凸起的高台，此刻在高台上有数十个座位，不但李青候、许媚香等三山掌座端坐在内，就连灵溪宗的掌门郑远东也已然到来。
On one of the valley walls was a balcony, upon which numerous notable members of the sect could be seen. Li Qinghou was there, along with Xu Meixiang and the peak lord from the third mountain. Even Sect Leader Zheng


Yuandong was present.

南北两岸的资格战，并非同时举行，南岸先办，北岸随后，所以身为灵溪宗的掌门，他不能偏袒任何一岸，此刻先来南岸观看，之后还要去北岸那里。
The qualifying matches for the north and south banks were not held concurrently. The south bank went first, followed by the north bank. That was to ensure that the sect leader didn't show partiality to one bank or the other. After observing the south bank's qualifying matches, he would go to the north bank to watch theirs.

李青候三人在郑远东身边，彼此正含笑闲谈。
Li Qinghou and the other peak lords sat near Zheng Yuandong, chatting amiably.

他们身后还有三山的长老，周长老也在其中，一个个要么闭目养神，要么彼此低声交谈，还有的看向下方不断涌入而来的弟子。
Behind them were the elders from the three mountain peaks, including Elder Zhou. Some sat quietly with their eyes closed, others conversed in low tones. A few were observing the disciples pouring into the valley.

白小纯在人群内，神色慵懒，来到了广场后站在一旁，好奇的看向四周，此地他之前没来过，尤其是那些雕像，更是让他觉得好奇，于是跑过去仔细打量，滋滋有声。
Bai Xiaochun walked along lazily until he was in the valley itself. Looking around, he realized that he had never been here before. Curious about the statues, he walked over to examine one more closely. As he neared the statue, he noticed that there was even fur on its surface, which rippled in the wind.

“这些凶兽仿佛活着一样，有趣。”
“These creatures almost look alive. So interesting.”

白小纯甚至看到一个凶兽雕像上的毛发，竟在风中飘摇，让他觉得不可思议。


就在这时，忽然的，人群中传出阵阵惊呼。
It was at this point that the sound of voices suddenly rose up from within the audience.

“周师姐来了！”
“Elder Sister Zhou is on the way!”

“周师姐修为早就到了凝气八层，这一次前十里，必定有她，甚至以她的身份，前三也是稳妥！”
“Elder Sister Zhou has been in the eighth level of Qi Condensation for a while now. She’s definitely going to get into the top ten. In fact, considering her status, she’ll most likely get into the top three!”

只见一道蓝绫从远处天空呼啸而来，眨眼临近后，化作了周心琪的身影，她先是向着高台抱拳一拜，这才走到一旁，闭目养神，看似平静，可心中一样存在了紧张，多年的修行，这一次的资格战，她势在必得。
A blue swath of flying silk appeared off in the distance, upon which could be seen Zhou Xinqi. She first clasped hands and bowed to the balcony, then landed off to the side, where she closed her eyes and sat down quietly. The truth was that she was inwardly nervous, after all her years of cultivation, the qualifying round had finally arrived, and she had to perform well.

高台上，李青候看向周心琪，微微一笑，目中露出赞赏。
Up on the balcony, Li Qinghou gave her a faint smile of approval.

“青候，这周心琪不但草木不俗，术法一样造诣惊人，想来这一次，定可为你们南岸增辉。” 郑远东笑道。
Smiling, Zheng Yuandong said, “Qinghou, not only is Zhou Xinqi extraordinary with plants and vegetation, she also has some shocking magical techniques. I have the feeling she’ll bring glory to the south bank.” “There’s no need for such praise, sect leader,” Li Qinghou replied modestly.

“掌门过誉，我这徒儿还需磨练，不过她的心性在同辈中，的确少见，是个可造之材。”
“My apprentice still needs some more tempering. However, her personality is of a type rarely seen among her contemporaries. She really has incredible potential.”

李青候谦道。 在这广场四周人群纷纷羡慕的看向周心琪时，白小纯扫了周心琪一眼，咳嗽一声，摆出与李青候差不多的模样，背着小手，目中露出赞赏。
Most of the crowd looked over enviously at Zhou Xinqi, but as for Bai Xiaochun, he cleared his throat and looked at her with an expression similar to Li Qinghou’s. Clasping his hands behind his back, he gazed at her with praise and approval.

关于周心琪的议论还没结束，猛然间，人群内再次传出哗然，所有人都抬头看向天空，只见一道雷霆轰鸣间，竟有闪电银蛇游走，一个穿着青衫的少年，神色倨傲，居然踏着一道电光，瞬间来临。
Before people could finish talking about Zhou Xinqi, another small uproar occurred in the crowd. People turned their heads up as the rumble of thunder echoed out. A bolt of lightning snaked out overhead, perched atop which was a young man wearing a long green robe and a haughty expression.

他的身后，无数闪电游走，雷霆轰鸣，气势之强，超越了周心琪，在踏入广场时，甚至他四周方圆十丈内，都形成了一片雷池，大量电光向着四周扩散开来。
Countless lightning bolts spread out in his wake, and thunder boom ed around him. He seemed even more impressive than Zhou Xinqi, and when he landed in the square, the area for thirty meters around him turned into a lake of dancing lightning.

而他的身上，一样有弧形闪电环绕。
Sparks of electricity even arced back and forth on his skin.

“是紫鼎山的吕天磊！
“It’s Lu Tianlei from Violet Cauldron Peak!

吕师兄具备罕见的雷脉，入门之后始终闭关修行，今日一看，竟如此非凡！”
Elder Brother Lu has a rare lightning meridian. He’s been in secluded meditation almost the entire time since joining the sect. Now he finally makes his extraordinary debut!”

“这吕天磊不俗，他修行的是什么功法，竟对雷电操控到了这种程度！”
“Lu Tianlei is incredible. He cultivates some sort of technique that gives him control of lightning!”

四周众人纷纷骇然时，吕天磊神色傲然的向着高台一拜，转身走向一旁，他的目中此刻整个广场上的外门弟子里，只有一个周心琪可以成为劲敌，至于其他人，他不放在眼里。
As the conversations continued, Lu Tianlei proudly clasped hands in greeting toward the balcony. Then his gaze swept across the crowd. Among all the Outer Sect disciples gathered there, only Zhou Xinqi was someone he considered a worthy oppon ent. The others weren’t even worth looking at.

高台上，许媚香轻笑，双眸露出满意。
Up on the balcony, Xu Meixiang smiled, her eyes gleaming with satisfaction.

“掌门，我这弟子修行的极道驭雷法，你看修的如何？”
“Sect leader, what do you think of the Extreme Dao Lightning Control Magic that my disciple cultivates?”

“已有两分雷意，以凝气八层，具备这种造诣，此子已是筑基下的天骄了。”


郑远东微微动容，多看了吕天磊几眼。
Zheng Yuandong smiled and looked a bit more closely at Lu Tianlei.


“He already controls two types of lightning, and he’s only in the eighth level of Qi

就在这时，青峰山的掌座，那位枯瘦，可却给人一种锋利之感的老者，抬起了头，遥望远处时，嘴角露出笑容。
Condensation. With skill like that, he’s definitely a top Chosen among the disciples under Foundation Establishment.” The peak lord of Green Crest Peak, the emaciated old man who seemed as sharp as a sword, suddenly looked up with a smile.

郑远东神色一凝，立刻抬头，不但如此，四周所有长老，全部凝望远方。
Zheng Yuandong’s face flickered, and he also turned to look in the same direction. The other elders did the same.

一道剑光 从天地间掀起无尽云层，轰轰而来，这气势太强，竟让云层翻滚，隐隐可以看到里面有一把青色的古剑，形成了一道青虹，瞬间破开所有阻碍，如同是穿梭了虚无，直奔此地。
A beam of sword light split through the clouds, rumbling along with incredible momentum. The clouds seethed as an ancient green sword appeared, a beam that cut through everything in its path, piercing through the air as it shot toward the ground.

此剑古朴，青铜打造，带着岁月之意，极为不俗。
The sword seemed primeval, forged from bronze, weathered with age and completely extraordinary.

飞剑上，站着一个青年，这青年穿着外门弟子的衣衫，一头黑发飘摇，样子俊美到了极致，此刻背着手，气势惊人，身体外有一层淡淡的金光，尤其是他的身后，青虹居然化作了一朵朵青莲，形成了异象。
An extremely handsome young man stood atop the sword, wearing the robes of an Outer Sect disciple. His black hair whipped about in the wind, and he held his hands clasped behind his back. A faint layer of golden light flickered around him, and behind him could be seen the images of numerous green lotuses.

更后方，还有一头足有三丈大小鱼身龙头之兽，游走四方，仿佛将天空化作大海，所过之处，竟有雨水洒落。
In addition to the lotuses was a nine-meter-long fish with the head of a dragon, which swirled about, sending rainwater falling down everywhere around it.

他还没等临近，就有风雨在广场上吹过，使得无数弟子全部抬头，看到了这一幕后，纷纷倒吸口气。
Even before the young man arrived, the rain water was splashing down onto the square. Countless disciples looked up in awe, gasping at the incredible sight.

“是上官大师兄！”
“It’s Eldest Brother Shangguan!”

“南岸外门第一天骄，上官天佑！”
“The number one Chosen in the Outer Sect on the south bank. Shangguan Tianyou!”

“传闻他具备剑灵之身，是某个剑修大能转世之体，因某种原因，苍天愧疚，故而一生福泽无数，三岁走路就可捡到上古残剑，七岁天空落下一头赤云兽的幼崽认他为主，十三岁得到金光护体，故而名为天佑！”
“According to the rumors, he has a powerful sword spirit body , and is the reincarnation of some almighty sword cultivator. For some reason, the heavens are guilty, and showered him with countless blessings. When he was three, he was walking down the road and happened to find an ancient sword, when he was seven, a baby Crimson Cloudbeast fell out of the sky and instantly accepted him as its master, when he was thirteen, he acquired a golden light shield. That is why his name is Tianyou!”

周心琪双眸睁开，凝望天空时，露出凝重。
Zhou Xinqi looked over with a grave expression.

远处的吕天磊，更是猛地抬头，目中刹那闪过雷光，全身无数弧形闪电游走，气势掀起，眼神内露出挑衅。
As for Lu Tianlei, he looked up, lightning dancing in his eyes, sparks surging around him. From the look in his eyes, he was itching to fight.

“上官天佑，拜见掌门，师尊，二位掌座，诸位长老。” 青虹降临，上官天佑抱拳，向着高台一拜，淡然飘落，含笑向着四周外门弟子点头。
As the green beam of light closed in, Shanguan Tianyou clasped hands toward the balcony and called out, “I, Shangguan Tianyou, offer greetings to the sect leader, my Master, the two peak lords, and all of the various elders.” As he floated down toward the square, he looked around at all the disciples and .

他的目光温和，向着众人点头后，立刻引来无数人的拜见，还有不少女弟子，更是看向上官天佑时，露出羞涩。
His amiable gaze and friendly nod caused countless disciples to clasp hands in greeting. Many of the female disciples batted their eyes bashfully. Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong gave a hearty laugh and looked over at the peak lord of Green Crest Peak.

“好、好、好！”
“Wonderful. Simply wonderful!” he said.

高台上，掌门郑远东目露奇芒，大笑起来。 “竟在凝气八层时，感悟到了剑气化莲的境界，这上官天佑不管是否转世大能，即便拥有剑灵之体，在筑基前能做到这一点，当世罕见！”
“At only the eighth level of Qi Condensation, he can already transform sword qi into lotuses. Regardless of whether this Shangguan Tianyou really is the reincarnation of an almighty cultivator, he definitely has a sword spirit body . To accomplish what he has before Foundation Establishment is truly a rarity!

“你们南岸这一次，可是让老夫也吃了一惊！”
“I have to say that I'm shocked by the south bank's performance so far!”

郑远东看向青峰山掌座，哈哈一笑。


李青候三人都露出笑容，身后的那些长老，也都一个个笑了起来，大有要与北岸一雪前耻之意。
Li Qinghou and the other peak lords smiled, and the other elders chuckled. All of them clearly wished to have their revenge on the north bank.

郑远东正要继续开口，忽然看到了下方广场上，站在一座雕像旁，背着手，摆出前辈模样的白小纯。
Zheng Yuandong was about to continue speaking when suddenly he looked down at the square and saw Bai Xiaochun standing there next to the statue, hands clasped behind his back, looking like a member of the senior generation.

“这白小纯 装模作样的。” 郑远东哑然一笑。
Chuckling dryly, he said, “This Bai Xiaochun really loves to indulge in his histrionics.”

第八十三章 请周长老出马
0082 chapter-83

不仅是郑远东注意到了白小纯，毕竟其他人都在哗然，而白小纯却站在雕像旁，摆出前辈的姿态，整个人的气质就不一样，格外明显。
Zheng Yuandong wasn’t the only one who noticed Bai Xiaochun. Everyone else was in a huge commotion, but Bai Xiaochun was simply standing there like a member of the senior generation. He couldn’t have stuck out more from everyone else.

“白小纯这孩子也到了凝气八层，更是曾在落陈家族一战中九死一生，我看此子今日，必定前十，甚至有希望争夺一下前五。”
One of the elders on the balcony smiled and said, “Young Bai Xiaochun is already in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and fought his way out of certain death at the hands of the Luochen Clan. He’ll definitely make it into the top ten. In fact, he probably has a shot at the top five.”

高台上有长老笑着开口。
“That’s right,” said another elder.

“没错，此子草木造诣不俗，且一身炼体之法惊人，说不定可以成为这一次资格战的黑马。”
“Not only does he have extraordinary skill with plants and vegetation, he also cultivates a shocking type of body refinement. I'd say he’s a definite dark horse in the qualifying round today.”

听着众人话语，李青候与郑远东，都觉得脸上有光，二人哈哈一笑。
Hearing these comments caused the faces of Li Qinghou and Zheng Yuandong to beam. Exchanging a glance, they laughed heartily.

“这孩子与别人不大一样，他的信念之强，远非同辈可比，当年我带他上山时曾问他为何修行，他告诉我，他要长生。”
“He's different from the rest of them,” Li Qinghou said. “He has much stronger convictions than his contemporaries. When I brought him here to the sect all those years ago, I asked him why he wanted to practice cultivation, and he said it’s because he wants to live forever.”

李青候含笑说道，看向白小纯时，目中露出柔和，他已为白小纯换来了护身法宝，准备等资格战结束后给他。
He looked over at Bai Xiaochun with a warm gaze. He’d finally finished preparing a defensive magical item that he planned to give Bai Xiaochun after the qualifying matches were over. “Alright, enough with the praise,” Zheng Yuandong said.

“大家还是不要继续夸他了，这孩子虽是我师弟，可青候了解，此子性格顽劣，还需磨练，不过心性纯良，不喜高调的性格，也很可嘉。”
“Although he’s my Junior Brother, as Qinghou is well aware, he’s stubborn and mischievous. He still needs much tempering. However, he’s a pure and genuine person who doesn’t seek the limelight, which is laudable.”

掌门笑着开口，虽如此说，可众人也能看出郑远东的期待之意。
Despite the words he uttered, everyone could tell that Zheng Yuandong’s eyes gleamed with anticipation.

在高台上众人笑谈时，广场一座雕像旁，白小纯站在那里，望着孤傲无边的吕天磊，又看了眼引起无数尖叫的上官天佑，他也是心惊。
As the group on the balcony continued to exchange words, Bai Xiaochun stood there next to the statue, proud and aloof as he looked over at Lu Tianlei, and the crowd favorite that was Shangguan Tianyou. Inwardly, Bai

吕天磊全身的闪电，看的白小纯头皮发麻，想起了前段日子被雷劈的一幕，而上官天佑的福泽与那古剑的不俗，还有全身上下仿佛惊天的气势，更是让白小纯倒吸口气。
Xiaochun was a bit apprehensive. Lu Tianlei had electricity writhing around him, which left Bai Xiaochun’s scalp numb as he thought back to what it had been like to ride his sword through the thunderstorm. And then there was Shangguan Tianyou, with his incredible good fortune and a sword from ancient times. He also had a shocking energy which left Bai Xiaochun breathless.

他觉得这两个人，实在太强悍了。
As far as he could tell, both of them were incredibly strong.

可一想到自己的身份，白小纯连忙干咳一声，再次含笑点头，目中摆出欣赏。
But then he thought about his own status, and coughed dryly before once again plastering an approving smile onto his face.

“天骄越多，说明我灵溪宗会越强大，我是荣耀弟子，是掌门师弟，绝不能和这些小辈去比，他们是宗门的未来，我不能去欺负他们，恩，要比也要等这些天骄都进入内门之后的！”
“There are plenty of Chosen to go around,” he thought, “which simply goes to show how pow erful the Spirit Stream Sect is. But I'm a Prestige disciple, and the Junior Brother of the sect leader. I shouldn't be comparing myself to my juniors. They are the future of the sect, and bullying them would be wrong.


Yeah.


Any comparisons should wait until after they’re part of the Inner Sect!”

白小纯打定主意，露出很是欣慰的模样。
Having made his decision, he continued to stand there looking around approvingly.

渐渐地来人越来越多，但凡是凝气八层的外门弟子，都磨拳霍霍，还有一些虽修为没有达到，可这种资格战的盛事，自然要来观摩。
More and more people crowded into the valley. All of the disciples who were in the eighth level of Qi Condensation were cracking their knuckles in preparation for the fighting. As for those whose cultivation bases were lower, they were naturally coming to act as the audience.

整个南岸三山，凝气八层的弟子，足有上千人，此刻全部凝聚在这山谷内，其中还有不少，白小纯都从来没见过，毕竟不是所有人都喜欢热闹，还是很多喜欢独处，不为人知的修行，未尝没有借助今天这样的盛事，一鸣惊人的想法。
Among the three mountain peaks of the south bank, there were roughly a thousand disciples in the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and all of them were present in the valley. Bai Xiaochun was familiar with some of them. However, not all were the type of people who liked crowds and excitement.

而在四周，还有更多数量的外门弟子，他们的修为无法参与资格战，此刻只是观望，一个个期待的望着上千凝气八层弟子，每个人的心中都在等待，接下来的资格战中，到底哪些人可以列位前一百，又有哪些能进入前十。
Many prefered to practice their cultivation in secret, waiting for just such an occasion as this to finally show off. The countless other Outer Sect disciples who didn’t qualify to participate were waiting eagerly to see how the qualifying round would turn out. Everyone was itching to find out who would make it into the top hundred, and of course, the top ten.

至于前三，在所有人看去是没有悬念的，必定是上官天佑、吕天磊以及周心琪，甚至排名也是如此。
As for who would be the top three, there didn't seem to be much suspense about that. Presumably, those spots would go to Shangguan Tianyou, Lu Tianlei, and Zhou Xinqi.

渐渐地，随着上千凝气八层的弟子慢慢安静，四周观望的弟子也都寂静下来，一股压抑的气氛逐渐的笼罩时，因四周环境的使然，肃杀之意更为强烈。
Gradually, the thousand or so eighth level disciples quieted down, as did the other surrounding disciples. A sense of pressure began to fill the air, and gradually, a foreboding sense of impending violence.

仿佛压的所有人都喘不过气，心中都开始紧张。
A stifling, suffocating feeling weighed down on everyone, and people started to get nervous.

白小纯诧异的发现，自己居然也有一些紧张，他莫名其妙，暗道自己没打算比呀，他看了看四周，晃动了一下身体放松下来。
Bai Xiaochun was shocked to find that he was also getting nervous, although he wasn’t sure why. Reminding himself that he wouldn’t be participating, he looked around and forced himself to relax.

就在这时，高台上李青候的声音，蓦然传开，回荡八方。
It was at this time that Li Qinghou’s voice rang out from the balcony above .

“南北两岸，大比在即！”
“The grand competition between the south and north banks is about to begin!

“你们中，有的人一向独处，真实的实力不为人知，那么这一次，就是你显露自己的机会，不要担心修为提升太快，又或者有特殊造化，会有宗门长辈起贪心，修行是私人的事情，每个人都有秘密，我灵溪宗万年来，从一个小宗发展到如今，绝非偶然，每一个弟子都有各自的造化，你能得到，那是你命中注定！”
“Some among you have practiced your cultivation in secret, leaving your true level of power unknown to the public. Now is your chance to shine. You should not harbor any fear that your rapid progress or unique good fortune will be the subject of avarice among members of the senior generation. Cultivation is a personal matter, and everyone has a right to their secrets.


The


Spirit Stream Sect has a ten thousand year history.

“你们中，还有一些被人称呼为天骄，可凭借的只是天赋而已，天赋好的人，最终却失败者比比皆是，那么今天，就来证明一下，你们是否如旁人所称呼的那样，真的是名副其实 天骄！”
It is no accident that we grew from a small sect all the way to our current level of glory. All of that is because of the good f ortune of our disciples. Whatever good f ortune you have acquired is your personal destiny! “Some of you have come to be called Chosen by others.


However, that is only because of your natural talents.


Talented people can be found everywhere among the defeated.


Today is the day to prove yourselves.


Today is the day to show whether or not you truly deserve the title which has been bestowed upon you by others.


Today you can prove whether or not you truly deserve to be Chosen!”

李青候的声音带着低沉，更有激昂，仿佛与四周的肃杀之意共鸣，使得山谷内所有人的呼吸都急促起来。
Li Qinghou’s voice was deep and filled with pride, and seemed to form a resonance with the somber pressure that filled the area. Those who listened began to pant nervously.

尤其是那些自身有秘密之人，一个个都目中露出精芒。
The disciples who had various secrets to keep all looked on with shining eyes.

即便是吕天磊等人，也都一个个抬起头，神色内战意盎然。
As for Lu Tianlei and the other famous disciples, from the expressions on their faces, they clearly were itching to fight.

“这一次资格战，前百者，晋升内门弟子，前十者，将代表南岸参与大比，这是半甲子一次的盛事，这也是半甲子一次，让北岸同门记住你们的机会！”
“The top one hundred competitors in the qualifying round will be promoted to the Inner Sect. The top ten will go on to represent the south bank in the grand finale competition, which is only held once every thirty years. This time, we have a chance to make sure that our compatriots on the north bank remember who we are!”

李青候大袖一甩，天地轰鸣，南岸三座山，在这一刻全部爆发出了一道光柱，冲天而起。
With that, Li Qinghou flicked his sleeve, causing rumbling sounds to fill the air as columns of light shot up from all three of the south banks’ mountain peaks.

惊天动地，苍穹翻滚，似有一双看不见的大手，撕裂了虚无，使得山谷一旁的出口处，竟幻化出了一座桥！
Everything shook violently, it was as if a pair of invisible hands were ripping apart the air above the valley, causing a huge bridge to appear!

此桥沧桑古朴，仿佛存在了数不清的岁月，组成此桥的石块，每一个上面都有古老的符文闪耀。
It was an ancient, primitive bridge, like something which had been pulled out of primeval times. It was constructed of stone, and was covered with ancient magical symbols that shone with flickering light.

这座桥，足有百丈之宽，一眼看不到尽头所在，就这么的突然出现，仿佛屹立在了天地之间，而这原本磅礴的山谷，与这座桥比较，只是一个入口而已。
The bridge was fully 300 m eters wide, and so long that it couldn’t be taken in with a single glance. It was so grand and majestic that compared to it, the valley they were in seemed like nothing more than a stepping stone. The next person to speak was not Li Qinghou, but rather, Xu Meixiang.

“此桥名为灵溪桥，是我灵溪宗一件至宝，如今请来，作为你等试炼之路，所有凝气八层弟子，在九声钟鸣后，全部踏入此桥！”
“This is the Spirit Stream Bridge, a precious treasure of our sect. It has been summoned to act as your path in this trial by fire. After the ninth bell toll, all disciples in the eighth level of Qi Condensation will step onto the bridge!”

说话的不再是李青候，而是从高台上站起的许媚香，她样子绝美，此刻神色肃然，站在那里衣衫吹动，长发飘舞，看起来仿佛不似人间之女，如同仙子。
Xu Meixiang stood there, beautiful and somber, her gown fluttering in the wind, her hair floating around her. She looked less like a woman and more like an immortal.

“最快达到尽头者，就是第一，以此类推，选择前十，前百弟子出来！”
“Whoever reaches the end of the bridge first will take first place. The same method will be used to determine who is in the top hundred, and the top ten!”

随着许媚香的话语回荡，四周所有弟子，全部心情激荡，一个个瞬间看向那座桥。
As Xu Meixiang’s voice continued to echo out in the valley, the disciples looked eagerly at the bridge up above .

这种比试的方法，考察的是综合素质，而且规则上没有不允许众人打斗，也就是说，只要不死人，无论什么方法，但凡可以最快达到尽头，就是第一！
This format of competition was a comprehensive way to test the disciples. The rules didn’t prohibit fighting, as long as no lethal attacks were made, anything was permitted. W hoever reached the end first would be the winner!

而且可以想象，这座桥上，必定会有一些阻碍出现，甚至运气也极有可能成为实力的一种。
Of course, there would be obstacles along the way, and even luck would play a part.

在这众人纷纷呼吸急促，双眼精芒闪动，体内修为酝酿的同时，白小纯在人群内打个了哈气，就在这一刻，钟鸣传出。
The audience panted as they waited, eyes glittering, cultivation bases stirring. Bai Xiaochun stood t here yawning as the bells began to toll.

一声，两声，三声 四声、五声、六声
Once, twice, thrice Four tolls, five tolls, six

这一声声钟鸣传开，敲在众人的心神内，使得所有参与这资格战的弟子，每个人都心都提了起来，体内的修为运转也来越来越快，一个个的气势，全部蓄势。
The sound of the bells struck the minds of the disciples, causing their hearts to pound. They began to rotate their cultivation bases faster and faster as they gathered together the energy they had built up.

直至七声、八声 当第九声钟鸣传来的刹那，轰轰之声滔天而起，此地上千凝气八层的弟子，几乎每个人的体内，修为都在这一瞬轰然爆发，一个个身体如离弦的箭，瞬间冲出！
Soon the bells had rung seven times, and then eight Finally, when the ninth tolling of the bell could be heard, rumbling sounds filled the air as the cultivation bases of all of the eighth level disciples exploded out with full force. Like arrows loosed from a bow , all of the disciples shot into action!

上千人飞奔，更有不少直接飞起，直奔前方的古桥，眨眼间就有人踏入桥上，疾驰而去。
Over a thousand people flew into motion toward the ancient bridge. In the blink of an eye, everyone was on its surface, speeding along.

上官天佑速度最快，脚下飞剑呼啸，整个人化作青虹，在第一位！
Shangguan Tianyou was the fastest, standing on his flying sword, a green beam of light that instantly took the lead!

他的身后是吕天磊，他全身电光游走，似具备引斥之力，速度一样快绝，仅次于上官天佑，他的目中露出赤红，低吼更快。
Right behind him was Lu Tianlei, surrounded by crackling lightning. His energy only seemed to grow, and his speed was incredible as he attempted to close the gap between himself and Shangguan Tianyou, eyes bloods hot, howling.

第三个则是周心琪，此女脚下蓝绫急速抖动，急速前行。
In third place was Zhou Xinqi, her blue flying silk rippling as she advanced at top speed.

后方还有几人，这几人竟都是面生之辈，显然正是李青候所说，平日里掩饰修为的弟子，此刻这等机会，他们没有再掩饰，全力爆发，一下子将后方众人拉开不少，甚至能看出，他们还有余力。
There were a few people directly behind them, none of them very well- known. Just as Li Qinghou had said, there were disciples who had concealed their true cultivation bases, waiting just for this oppor tunity to explode out with full force. That group almost immediately pulled out ahead of the pack, and from the look of it, they still had energy to go faster.

四周观望的弟子，此刻全部睁大了眼，心神震动，齐齐看去。
The surrounding audience of disciples looked on with wide eyes, hearts pounding at the scene which was unfolding in front of them.

可就在这万众瞩目时，广场上，随着所有人都疯狂的冲出，很快的就只剩下了白小纯一个人孤零零的站在那里。
However, as wind blasted out from the sudden acceleration of the eighth level disciples, Bai Xiaochun was left standing alone in the square.

白小纯眨了眨眼，几乎第九声钟鸣传来的一瞬，他就感受到了狂风横扫，四周已没人了，他的前方，上千人奔腾，冲上石桥，这一幕很是壮观，让他这里赞叹不已。
After the ninth bell toll, the wind buffeted his face, and he blinked. He stood there alone, looking up at the thousand disciples racing along, sighing in admiration.

“加油！”
“Keep it up guys!” he shouted.

白小纯在广场上高呼，身体一晃，一路小跑，上了石桥，他已打定主意，这场资格战，自己参与就是了，不去抢什么前十前百。
A moment later, he leaped into motion, landing on the bridge and running along. In the end, he decided that he might as well participate in the qualifying match, but that he wouldn’t even try to get into the top ten or hundred.

“北岸那边听说一个个老凶了，傻子才去与他们斗。”
“I heard the north bank is full of fiends. I’d be an idiot to try to fight with them.”

白小纯美滋滋的，一副欠揍的样子，至于晋升内门弟子的事情，他更不当回事了，他觉得自己已经是荣耀弟子了，是掌门师弟了，谁还在乎一个内门弟子的身份呀。
He moved along lazily, clearly having no desire or intention of being promoted to the Inner Sect. In his view, he was already a Prestige disciple and the Junior Brother of the sect leader, and therefore had no need to become an Inner Sect disciple.

所以此刻一边看着风景，一边不时的高呼喝彩，与石桥上的其他人，形成了极为显目的对比。
Therefore, he simply enjoyed the scenery, cheering the other disciples on. He made quite a contrast with the other competitors.

四周观望的弟子，一个个都傻了，呆呆的看着白小纯，纷纷神色古怪起来。
The audience members looked on with wide eyes and strange expressions.

高台上，李青候额头青筋鼓起，盯着白小纯，只觉得一股气在脑中爆开。
Meanwhile, on the balcony, veins bulged out on Li Qinghou’s face as he glared at Bai Xiaochun, feeling like his head was about to explode.

许媚香与青峰山的掌座也都愣了，二人相互看了看，都苦笑起来，至于四周那些长老，此刻也都睁大了眼，怎么也没想到，这场资格战，居然会出现这样的一幕。
Xu Meixiang and the peak lord from Green Crest Peak exchanged an incredulous glance and then smiled wryly. The other elders’ eyes went wide. Never could they possibly have imagined that something like this would take place in the qualifying matches.

若是别的弟子也就罢了，他们大可以去训斥，可白小纯的身份实在太特殊了，于是一个个不由得看向李青候与郑远东。
Were it any other disciple, they would quickly go teach him a lesson. But Bai Xiaochun had a special status, so all the elders could do was look over at Li Qinghou and Zheng Yuandong.

郑远东此刻头痛，更是尴尬，觉得太丢人了 此刻干咳一声，看了一旁周长老一眼。
Zheng Yuandong felt a headache coming on from the embarrassing loss of face C learing his throat, he glanced over at Elder Zhou.

“周长老，接下来的事情，老夫可以当做什么都没看到，你那凤鸟，着实可怜啊。”
“Elder Zhou, whatever happens next, I’ll pretend I didn’t see. You know, that phoenix of yours really suffered a lot.”

周长老闻言立刻明白了，顿时脸上摆出阴沉，身体蓦然飞出，向着石桥上的白小纯大吼一声。
Elder Zhou instantly understood. Face darkening, he flew up into the air toward Bai Xiaochun.

“白小纯，今天谁也救不了你，老夫抓到你后，定让你亲自体会一下老夫凤鸟当日的凄苦！”
“Bai Xiaochun,” he roared, “nobody can save you today! Once I get my hands on you, I’ll make sure you understand exactly how my phoenix suffered!”

他说着，身体如一只大鸟，直奔石桥。
With that, he shot toward the bridge like a bird of prey.

第八十四章 难以置信的爆发
0083 chapter-84

白小纯听到这一声怒吼，吓了一跳，连忙回头，一眼就看到了冲杀而来的周长老，他眼睛猛地睁大，只觉得魂飞魄散。
Bai Xiaochun was so startled by the sudden enraged roar that he leapt up into the air. When he turned to look over his shoulder and saw Elder Zhou charging aggressively toward him, his eyes went wide, and he almost fainted from fright.

尤其是周长老凶神恶煞的模样，吼出的话语虽不是要白小纯的命，可让他亲自体会一下那只凤鸟的凄苦，这种事情，白小纯一想到那凤鸟一整天几乎把香云山所有的鸟都扑了，连灵尾鸡都不放过后，他就觉得毛骨悚然。
Elder Zhou looked like a fiendish, murderous monster, and although he wasn’t shouting that he intended to take Bai Xiaochun’s life, only that he was going to make him experience the same suffering the phoenix had, Bai Xiaochun thought about what the phoenix had looked like after a full day of pouncing on the other birds of Fragrant Cloud Peak. The mere idea left his hair standing on end.

脑海里不由得幻想了一下，把凤鸟替换成自己的样子，他瞳孔猛地放大，整个人强烈的哆嗦起来，转身急速飞奔。
He couldn’t help but imagine what it would be like to be in the place of that phoenix, and his eyes went wide. Shaking, he looked forward again and began to pick up speed.

他虽不胆小，虽只是怕死，可 此刻他突然明白，这世界实际上有比死亡还要恐怖的事情，比如说自己变成了凤鸟
He didn’t lack courage, he simply feared death. However what was happening now had occurred too suddenly. Furthermore, there were things in this world to be feared more than death, such as, being transformed into a phoenix

“师兄救我，我不要当鸟！” 白小纯想到这里，发出凄厉的惨叫。
When he thought about that, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but scream “Elder Brother, save me! I don’t want to get transformed into a bird!”

高台上，掌门郑远东干咳一声，装作没听到。
Up on the balcony, Zheng Yuandong cleared his throat and pretended not to hear.

在这强烈的刺激下，白小纯惨叫连连，速度一下子爆发出来，轰的一声直接飞奔，几乎出现了残影，眨眼间就追上了前方最靠后的那群弟子，这些弟子只感觉一阵风从身边吹过，怔愣的抬头时，只能遥遥的看到白小纯的背影。
Because of the sudden and intense provoc ation, Bai Xiaochun let out one blood-curdling scream after another. At the same time, he increased his speed explosively. In the blink of an eye, he transformed into a series of afterimages as he shot toward the disciples who were running along in last place. Those disciples felt something like a wind bearing down on them from behind, then stared in shock as Bai Xiaochun shot past them at high speed.

“这 这是什么速度！”
“How how fast is he going?”

他们全部骇然，可紧接着，他们就看到周长老的身影，一样呼啸而过，向着白小纯急速追击。
Everyone was shocked enough as it was, but then Elder Zhou came racing by in hot pursuit of Bai Xiaochun.

这一幕，顿时让这些弟子全部倒吸口气。
That caused countless disciples to all gasp.

就连石桥外观望的那些外门弟子，此刻也都睁大了眼，一个个目中露出不可思议。
The Outer Sect disciples in the audience all stared at what was happening, eyes wide with shock.

“这白小纯居然这么快！”
“I can’t believe Bai Xiaochun is going so fast!”

“看来被追杀，效果真的不是一般的好 ”
“It seems that being chased makes him go a lot faster than usual”

在这众人哗然时，白小纯欲哭无泪，他委屈到了极致，此刻玩命一样的狂奔，很快的，就超越了一个又一个弟子，那些被他超越的弟子，全部都倒吸口气，无法置信白小纯的速度，甚至还有一个，不服气之下，也咬牙狂奔，可最终只能眼睁睁的看着白小纯越来越远。
The audience was in an uproar, and Bai Xiaochun wanted to cry, although no tears came. He felt completely maligned as he fled for his life, passing one disciple after another, all of whom gasped in shock. There was one of them who wasn't willing to be overtaken. Gritting his teeth, he pushed forward with all the speed he could muster, and yet in the end, he could only watch as


Bai Xiaochun sped past him into the distance ahead.

“该死的，他怎么跟个踩了尾巴的耗子一样！”
“Dammit, he's running faster than a mouse whose tail got stepped on!”

这一刻，石桥内外的弟子，全部都被白小纯爆发出的速度所震撼，就连高台上的掌门等人，也都目瞪口呆，对于白小纯这一刻的速度，很是吃惊。
By now, disciples both on and off the bridge were completely shaken by the terrifying display of speed put on by Bai Xiaochun. Even the sect leader and the others on the balcony could only look on with jaws wide open, totally shocked by the speed they were witnessing.

“呃 还是掌门高明！” 李青候苦笑，向着郑远东说道。
Smiling wryly, Li Qinghou looked over at Zheng Yuandong and said, “Well you really know how to handle things, sect leader!”

许媚香以及青峰山的老者，也都神色古怪，四周的长老，一个个忍不住笑出了声。
Xu Meixiang and the old man from Green Crest Peak had strange expressions on their faces, and the other surrounding elders couldn't hold back from chuckling.

“此子顽劣 只能用这种方法了。” 郑远东干咳一声。
Zheng Yuandong cleared his throat. “For a stubborn, mischievous kid like him there really isn’t any other option.”

与此同时，随着白小纯的飞奔，石桥外的众人，渐渐哗然更大。
At the same time, Bai Xiaochun was picking up more speed, throwing the audience into even further commotion.

“他已超过了一半人了，这么超下去，他一定可以进入前百！”
“He’s already passed up half of the other disciples! At this rate, he’ll definitely make it into the top hundred!”

“白师叔加油 ”还有的，直接带着笑声喝彩。
Some of the audience instantly devolved into cheering. “Go, Sect Uncle Bai, go!”

就在这时，这座石桥突然一震，竟幻化出了一个个傀儡，这些傀儡双眼一闪，立刻低吼，向着四周的闯桥弟子冲去。
However, it was at this point that the stones on the bridge suddenly trembled, and began to transform into numerous puppets. Eyes glittering, the puppets roared and lunged toward the charging disciples.

最前方的上官天佑神色如常，手中的剑一扫，立刻四周傀儡一个个轰然崩溃，速度没有减少半点，继续保持第一。
In the lead position was Shangguan Tianyou, whose expression was the same as ever as he waved a sword through the air, causing several puppets to explode. He didn’t even slow down by a bit, maintaining his first place position.

他后面的吕天磊，周心琪，还有那三五个隐藏实力，此刻爆发出的弟子，一样都很轻松，一路灭杀傀儡，骤然冲出。
Close behind were Lu Tianlei and Zhou Xinqi, as well as the handful of other disciples who had kept their cultivation and identities secret. The entire group easily dispatched the puppets and continued onward at full speed.

白小纯的四周，也出现了这些傀儡，他着急啊，眼看这些傀儡临近，他正要出手时，忽然的，身后狂风呼啸，周长老追上来了。
Puppets appeared around Bai Xiaochun as well. He watched anxiously as they closed in on him, and was just about to attack when suddenly, a screaming wind could be heard behind him as Elder Zhou approached.

“白小纯，老夫改变主意了，抓到你后，不让你亲自体会凤鸟的凄苦，而是让你去体会其他鸟当日的凄苦！”
“I've changed my mind, Bai Xiaochun! After I catch you, I won’t make you experience what my phoenix did. I’ll make you feel the pain that the other birds felt!”

周长老发出桀桀之声，为了激发白小纯的潜力，他也真是拼了
With that, he cackled cruelly. By this point, he was pulling out all the stops in his attempt to incite Bai Xiaochun

白小纯听到这句话，只觉得全身血液轰的一下，涌向脑海，眼前都发黑了，有些没反应过来，当他很快意识到这句话的含义后，他想到了那些被扑的鸟的凄惨，想到了那些灵尾鸡的哀嚎，最后想到的是那只雄性凤鸟强壮的身躯 他发出了这辈子，最凄惨，最凄厉的尖叫。
When Bai Xiaochun heard Elder Zhou’s words, all of the blood in his body rushed to his brain, and his vision began to fade. He thought about the miserable fates of the birds, the anguished calls of the spirit tail chickens, and the powerful body of the phoenix. Then he let out the most piercing, agonized scream of his entire life.

“救命啊，我不想被扑啊 ”
“Help me! I don't want to be pounced on”

这一刻，他的恐惧，甚至超过了被落陈家族追杀时，他长这么大，还从来没被这么刺激过，此刻尖叫中，他全身颤抖，蓦然出现了银光，这光芒一瞬覆盖全身，使得整个人直接成为了银人。
He was now even more scared than he had been when being chased down by the Luochen Clan. Never before in his life had he been incited in such a matter. As he screamed and trembled, silver light began to shine from his skin, covering him to the point where he almost seemed to be made from silver.

他的速度，更是在这一瞬好似突破了某种界限，在周长老抓来的刹那，轰的一声整个人如一只野猪，猛地冲出。
At that point, he broke through to another level of speed. Even as Elder Zhou bore dow n on him, he bolted off like a startled wild boa r.

轰轰轰！
RUUUUUUUUUUMBLE!

这速度太快，无数傀儡刚一靠近，就直接被白小纯撞飞，一路狂奔，无数傀儡被撞的飞起，整个人化作了一道长线，疾驰而去。
He was now moving so fast that any puppets who got near him were instantly bashed away and sent flying through the air. He was like a streak of light that shot forward at blinding speed.

远远一看，看不到他的身影，只能看到无数傀儡不断地飞出。
From a distance, it wasn’t even possible to see Bai Xiaochun, only the countless puppets being tossed up into the air after being hit.

这速度比方才快了太多太多，很快就超越了前四百，前三百，前二百直至 前一百！
He was now moving far, far faster than he had been before, and quickly passed up the top four hundred to reach the top three hundred. Then two hundred. Until finally he was in the top hundred!

太快了！
He was moving too fast!

一路巨响滔天，无数被他超越的弟子，一个个都呆住，骇然的看着远去如暴龙一般的白小纯，白小纯一边尖叫，一边飞奔，眼珠子都红了，他发誓，决不能让周长老把自己抓到。
Rumbling sounds echoed out as he passed countless disciples, who were left staring in shock at the maddened Bai Xiaochun. He screamed as he flew along, eyes wide and bloods hot, swearing to himself that he must never, ever allow himself to be caught by Elder Zhou.

他此刻早就忘记了这是在试炼，他的眼前也没有什么名次，脑海里只有一个想法，跑跑跑 冲出这座桥！
He’d already forgotten about the trial by fire, or about the rankings. All he was thinking was that he needed to run, run, run off of the bridge!

甚至有的弟子在他前方，他觉得碍事，一把抓住向旁边扔开，整个人飞奔，掀起一路轰鸣。
The other disciples in his path became obstacles that he would grab and send flying off to the side.

石桥外的弟子，有的站在山顶看的远，看到这一幕后，倒吸口气，露出震撼。
The audience simply watched in amazement.

“他 他还是人么！”
“Is he even human?” “No way!

“这哪里是人，这分明是个野猪暴龙啊！”
He’s like a mix between a wild boa r and a dragon!”

周长老呆呆的看着前方根本就不去闪躲雕像，完全是凭着身体直接撞飞的白小纯的身影，他也倒吸口气，觉得自己方才 是不是刺激对方过头了。
Elder Zhou stared in amazement as Bai Xiaochun proceeded along without avoiding anything in his path, and instead just slammed everything out of his way. Elder Zhou couldn't help but wonder if he had pushed Bai Xiaochun a bit too far.

白小纯的速度仿佛没有极限，本就快的无法形容，可竟还在加速，轰鸣回荡，破空之声惊天动地时，他前方没有傀儡了，可却出现了一张张大网，这些网凭空幻化，阻挡众人前行。
Nothing seemed capable of holding him back. His speed defied description, and yet, he continued to accelerate. Then, rumbling sounds echoed out as a new obstacle appeared. Instead of puppets, numerous webs poppe d up, stretching out in front of the disciples to impede their progress.

只是在白小纯的面前，这些大网刚一出现，就被他立刻撞出一个大洞，砰砰之声回荡时，无法阻挡他丝毫。
However, the instant a web appeared in front of Bai Xiaochun, he blasted right through it, leaving behind nothing more than a hole. Popping sounds rang out as the nets didn’t hinder him for even a moment.

似乎在这极致的速度下，他的身体，已经成为了最犀利的利器！
It was as if his incredible speed had transformed him into a razor-sharp blade!

紧接着，地面又出现了起伏，如同沼泽一样，甚至还时而出现漩涡，只要被漩涡笼罩，就很难冲出，不少人就是在这里被限制了速度。
Next, the ground began to ripple as it transformed into a quagmire, complete with occasional whirlpools.

可白小纯 根本就注意到这些，身体嗖的一声，疾驰而过，哪怕不断的有漩涡出现在他的四周，也无法让他的速度减少丝毫，直接带着那些漩涡前行。
The sudden change slowed many people down, but not Bai Xiaochun He didn’t even notice what had happened. A whooshing sound could be heard as he shot forward. Not even the spinning whirlpools could slow him dow n.

很快的，他超越了前八十，前五十，前三十，直至进入到了前十
Soon, he was in the top eighty. Then the top fifty, thirty, and finally, the top ten

这一幕，看的周长老都深吸口气，更不用说外面的那些观望的弟子了，这一瞬，几乎所有人的目光，都凝聚在了白小纯这里，至于上官天佑等人，都没有弟子去看了。
Upon seeing this, Elder Zhou gasped. Considering his reaction, there was almost no need to mention the disciples in the audience. All eyes were fixed on Bai Xiaochun, not a single person was even looking at Shangguan Tianyou and the other front runners.

在白小纯的前方，有一个光头的青年，他目中带着阴冷，他隐藏自己的战力多年，平日里不与外人接触，今天鼓足了劲，要让那所谓的三大天骄明白，什么叫山外有山。
A bald young man with cold, sinister eyes appeared up in front of Bai Xiaochun. He had been concealing his true battle prowess for years, and rarely had any contact with anyone. His entire purpose on this day was to make sure the so-called top three Chosen knew that there were always more powerful people out there in the world.

他全身光芒闪耀，身边有三颗珠子急速飞舞，一路势如破竹，他的身体外有十多个漩涡，在他的爆发下，这些漩涡虽限制力不小，可他知道，冲出这片区域，漩涡就会消失。
His entire person radiated flickering light, and three pearls swirled around him, allowing him to slash through all obstacles like a sharp knife through bamboo. As he sped forward, a dozen or so vortexes sprang up around him. However, he knew that as long as he kept his momentum going through the current area, they would soon disappear.

“越是强者，在进入这里时缠绕在身上的漩涡就越多，不知道前方那几个人如何，我这里有十多道漩涡，已是惊人了。”
“The stronger you are, the more vortexes appear. I wonder how many vortexes appeared for the people who passed through this area ahead of me. It must have been a shocking scene.”

这光头弟子傲然自语时，忽然听到身后有破空之声，他愣了一下，以为自己听错了，在这里，怎么可能会有破空声
Even as the bald-headed disciple murmured to himself, he heard something whooshing through the air behind him. Surprised, he assumed that he must be hearing things.

可还没等他回头，他就觉得狂风从身后吹过，紧接着就看到了一道身影，从身边急速冲出，那身影的四周，竟环绕了上百个漩涡！
After all, there was nothing that could pos sibly speed through the air like that, not here However, before he could even turn his head, a blast of wind overtook him, and a figure blurred past him at top speed. Surrounding that person were over a hundred vor texes!

光头青年眼珠子都差点瞪了出来，骇然的望着被上百漩涡环绕，可速度却丝毫不慢的身影，他觉得自己看错了，使劲揉了揉眼再去看时，对方已远去只剩下背影。
The bald disciple’s eyes went wide as the figure sped past him without slowing down at all. The disciple rubbed his eyes, thinking he must have been seeing things. By that point, he could just barely make out the person speeding away in the distance.

“不可能！”
“Impossible!” he mouthed.

光头青年失声。


白小纯哆嗦，惨叫中猛地冲出，身体外上百个漩涡，在他冲出这片区域后，立刻消失，他的速度更快，直接飞奔，一路又超过了几人，这些都是进入前十的弟子，他们都在此战前，各自有造化，隐藏了实力，此刻要一鸣惊人，可如今一个个在看到白小纯时，如看到了不可思议的怪物，纷纷骇然。
Trembling, Bai Xiaochun screamed, shooting forward with over a hundred vortexes surrounding him. However, after passing through the current region, they vanished. Picking up speed, he passed more disciples. All of these people were in the top ten, and for years had been concealing their good fortune and strength, hoping to reveal it in shocking fashion now.


But then Bai

周心琪咬着银牙，她所在的这片区域，又有不同，四周有无穷的威压降临，仿佛要将这里凝固，使得她的速度也不由得慢了下来。
Xiaochun showed up, and all they could do was stare in astonishment at his freakish performance. Zhou Xinqi gritted her teeth as she entered a new area. Intense pressure weighed dow n as if to lock her in place, forcing her to slow dow n.

可就在她艰难的就快要冲出这片区域时，忽然的，她身后传来咔咔声，周心琪一愣，回头的瞬间，她的双眸猛地收缩，露出无法置信。
However, even as she struggled forward, she heard cracking sounds from behind her. Jaw dropping, she looked around, whereupon her pupils constricted in disbelief.

轰的一声，白小纯从她身边直接冲过，因速度太快，一路冲击，这里的凝固居然在与他的身体碰触后，传出了咔咔之声，有一道道裂缝从虚无中出现，居然 被他直接撞碎！
A boom rang out as Bai Xiaochun shot past her. He was moving so fast that the pressure which attempted to slow him down did nothing. Cracking sounds could be heard, and fissures opened up in the air which then shattered!

“白小纯？”
“Bai Xiaochun?

“不可能！”
Impossible!”

周心琪睁大了眼，感受到四周的凝固在白小纯冲过后崩溃，她望着前方白小纯的背影，整个人如被天雷轰击，目瞪口呆。
She could only watch as Bai Xiaochun shattered the solidifying pressure and then shot onward like a bolt of lightning.

第八十五章 他是 第一？
0084 chapter-85

就在周心琪骇然时，她身后风声再次传来，周长老迈着大步，一脸笑容的走来，路过周心琪身边时，还向周心琪点了点头。
Even as Zhou Xinqi reeled in shock, another blast of wind swept over her, and Elder Zhou appeared. As he passed, he looked over and smiled, and she in return.

同时，以这幅微笑的样子，口中却传出凶神恶煞般的声音。
Despite the faint smile on his face, when he spoke, the voice of a fiendish monster echoed out from his mouth.

“白小纯，老夫又改变主意了，抓到你后，先饿上一个月，再把你和一群凤鸟，还有大量的凶兽关在一起！”
“I’ve changed my mind again, Bai Xiaochun. After I catch you, I’m going to starve you for a month, then put you in with a flock of phoenixes and a horde of wild beasts!”

周心琪呆了一下，与此同时，前方的白小纯传来凄厉的惨叫。
Zhou Xinqi’s eyes went wide, and at the same time, a miserable scream could be heard coming from Bai Xiaochun.


“Help me, Uncle Li!

“李叔救命，掌门亲师兄救命，师尊救命啊，我不想挨饿，不想和凤鸟凶兽关在一起啊 ”白小纯哆嗦，他此刻已恐惧到了极致，满脑子都是周长老说出的话形成的画面，越想越是颤抖，惨叫中速度更快，轰的一声直接冲出，眨眼间就没了影。
Save me, dear Elder Brother Sect Leader! I don’t want to starve! I don't want to get locked up with phoenixes and wild beasts” Bai Xiaochun was trembling in fear as he conjured mental images of the scenes described by Elder Zhou.

他的前方，吕天磊整个人化作了一道闪电，疾驰前行，这一路他开始时很轻松，渐渐也艰难起来，尤其是眼下他所在的区域，充满了风刃，这些风刃极为锋利，只要他速度一快，立刻就如磁石一样，会把那些风刃全部吸来。
Screaming, he shot forward with incredible speed, transforming into nothing more than a shadow. Up ahead, Lu Tianlei sped along in lightning form. Although the early stages of the path had been easy for him, things had slowly grown more and more difficult. The area he currently faced was filled with razor-sharp wind blades, and if he proceeded too quickly, it would cause them to fly toward him.

他亲眼看到自己扔出了一件傀儡，因速度太快，瞬间被那些风刃直接四分五裂，看的他面色大变，此刻不得不速度慢下来，半晌之后才找到了一个平衡点，保持一定的速度前行。
He had summoned a puppet moments before, and sent it ahead as a test, but because it moved too quickly, it was instantly slashed to pieces by the wind blades. Because of that, Lu Tianlei knew that he had no other option than to slow down. Only after finding the proper equilibrium would he be able to continue moving forward.

他的前方，已看不到上官天佑的身影，那上官天佑绝世之资，在走过吕天磊这片区域时，竟化作虚无，穿梭而过，没有引起任何风刃的注意，使得原本与上官天佑差距不大的吕天磊，心底恨恨。
Shangguan Tianyou was so far ahead he wasn’t even visible. Given his consummate level of talent, he had been able to transform into emptiness and then pass through the area effortlessly. The wind blades didn’t so much as touch him. Lu Tianlei, who had previously believed himself to be on an equal level with Shangguan Tianyou, was left with hatred seething in his heart.

“不就是具备虚无之法么，有什么了不起的，等我走过了这里，第一 必定是我的！”
“So what if you possess void magic?” Lu Tianlei thought. “What’s so amazing about that? Just wait till I get past this area I’ll definitely catch up and take first place!”

吕天磊深吸口气，此刻周心琪都已不在目中，他认为唯独能与自己争第一的，就是上官天佑。
By this point, Lu Tianlei didn’t even think of Zhou

可就在他憋足了一口气，缓缓的走在这充满风刃的区域中，准备冲出后一飞冲天的刹那，突然的，他的身后有狂风轰鸣而来。
Xinqi as being worthy of note. The only thing he cared about was overtaking Shangguan Tianyou and winning first place. Taking a deep breath, he stepped out into the wind blade zone and prepared to pick up speed.

这风声太大，使得四周的那些漂浮的风刃，一个个全部颤动，看的吕天磊心头一震，紧接着就惊喜起来。
But then, a blast of wind could be heard behind him. The deafening sound caused all of the flying wind blades to tremble. When Lu Tianlei saw that, he smiled in delight.


“Hah!

“哈哈，定是周心琪追上来了，这个傻妞，她进入这里的速度越快，吸引的风刃就越多，而我也可趁这个机会快速冲出！”
It’s definitely Zhou Xinqi. What a moron. If she enters this area going that fast, all the wind blades will head in her direction. I should take advantage of that moment to charge forward!”

吕天磊赶紧回头，看到在身后，有一个瘦小的身影如同是奔雷，刹那就冲进了这片风刃的区域，竟直接冲过了三成的范围，距离吕天磊这里，不到千丈。
Looking back, he saw someone skinny racing toward him as fast as lightning. As soon as the person entered the area with the wind blades, he was already a third of the way through, placing him only about 3,000 m eters away from Lu Tianlei.

因速度太快，使得这四周的风刃，眨眼间就齐齐而去，直奔这身影呼啸，风刃太多，方圆数千丈内，无尽的风刃，全部破空而去，顷刻间，就几乎形成了一个风刃的飓风。
Because of his incredible speed, it only took the blink of an eye for countless wind blades to swirl together into an enormous cyclone. At first, he gasped, shocked by Bai Xiaochun’s speed. But then, he began to chuckle inwardly.

“不是周心琪？
“It’s not Zhou Xinqi?

这速度也太快了吧，不过一样是个傻蛋，自己找死！”
Well, it doesn’t matter. He’s moving way too fast. Is he looking to get killed?

吕天磊先是倒吸口气，被白小纯的速度震撼，可随后就窃喜。


“修行，是要靠脑袋的！”
When practicing cultivation, one should rely on one’s wits!”

吕天磊大笑，眼看风刃竟大都被吸引过去，他体内闪电扩散，速度猛地爆发，直奔前方出口。
Laughing, Lu Tianlei watched as the wind blades grouped together. At the same time, he gathered the lightning which surrounded him, preparing to make a break for the exit.

可就在他加速的瞬间，他的身后轰鸣滔天，白小纯惨叫的声音惊天动地的传出，他的身影根本就没有停止丝毫，越来越快，轰的一声冲撞而来。
Before he could pick up any speed, the screaming Bai Xiaochun continued onward without slowing down at all. Rumbling sounds echoed out as he actually picked up speed.

四周的风刃数量之多已数不清，一道道全部撞在白小纯的身上，可他全身银光一闪，这些在吕天磊看去心惊的风刃，竟全部在碰到白小纯的身体后，立刻崩溃。
There were so many wind blades it was impossible to tell how many there were. And yet, when they slammed into Bai Xiaochun, silver light flashed, and to Lu Tianlei’s shock, they all shattered.

无数的风刃崩溃后，又立刻重新凝聚起来，巨响传遍四方时，白小纯的身体嗖的一声，直接就从吕天磊身边飞过。
Countless wind blades fell to pieces, and by the time they reformed, Bai Xiaochun had flown past Lu Tianlei.

而他的身后，那些重新凝聚的风刃，带着不甘，急速追击。
Of course, the wind blades wouldn’t let him by so easily, and began to race to catch up.

吕天磊愣了一下，眼珠子都瞪了出来，只觉得头皮发麻，脑海嗡鸣。
Lu Tianlei’s jaw dropped and his eyes went wide. Then, his scalp went numb and his mind began to spin.

“不可能！”
“Impossible!” he said in a hoarse voice.

他骇然失声时，亲眼看到无数的风刃追着白小纯，竟 没有追上，眨眼间，白小纯就冲出了这片风刃的区域。
Before the countless wind blades could catch up to Bai Xiaochun he was gone. The wind blades shuddered to a stop angrily, then slowly turned toward Lu Tianlei

风刃无法追出，在边缘传出暴怒的呼啸时，似乎注意到了吕天磊
Heart pounding, Lu Tianlei immediately slowed down. However, having been completely frustrated by Bai Xiaochun, the wind blades didn’t hesitate for a moment to pou nce on him.

“不 不！”
“No N O!”

吕天磊心里咯噔一声，赶紧想要停下自己的速度，可他化作闪电的身影，就算立刻停下，也依旧让那些对白小纯无可奈何的风刃，瞬间扑来。


很快的，凄厉的惨叫，蓦然传出。
Moments later, miserable shrieks began to ring out.

白小纯跑在前方，依稀听到了这惨叫，他很是诧异，可如今没时间回头，周长老的怒吼仿佛就在身后，白小纯哭丧着脸，悲哀的咬牙，再次轰轰而去。
As he ran on up ahead, Bai Xiaochun was a bit surprised to hear the bloodc urdling screams behind him. However, there was no time for him to look back. Elder Zhou seemed to be right behind him, bellowing in rage, leaving Bai Xiaochun with no choice but to charge onward, jaw clenched, expression pained.

风刃区域里，好在周长老追击路过，救下了被无数风刃环绕，全身衣衫都成了一条条，狼狈凄惨到了极致的吕天磊，否则的话，他估计必须要放弃比试了。
Thankfully, Elder Zhou was able to rescue Lu Tianlei from the countless swirling wind blades. If he had come a moment later, Lu Tianlei, whose clothing was now ripped to shreds, would most likely have been left with no other choice than to forfeit.

“白小纯！” 吕天磊眼睛都红了，他此刻也认出了白小纯的身份，怒吼凄厉！
Eyes bloods hot, Lu Tianlei finally realized who Bai Xiaochun was. Voice filled with rage, he bellowed, “Bai Xiaochun!”

白小纯不知道自己无意中，又让一个人对自己恨之入骨，他此刻速度飞快，飞奔时冲过一处又一处无人的区域，直至过了半柱香的时间，他遥遥的看到了前方的尽头所在。
Unaware that he had unwittingly caused yet another person to hate him, Bai Xiaochun moved on at top speed, passing through numerous empty areas. After enough time passed for half an incense stick to burn, he caught sight of the end of the bridge up ahead.

“终于要出去了！”
“I'm finally near the end!” he thought excitedly.

白小纯激动了，没注意到在靠近尽头的地方，此刻有一个身影，正艰难的一步步行走。
What he didn’t notice was that there was someone else near the end, trodding forward one step at a time.

上官天佑呼吸急促，这一路对他来说，都很轻松，唯独在这靠近尽头的最后一片区域，他感受到了艰难。
Shangguan Tianyou was panting. Most of the path had been very easy for him, with the difficulty rising only at the very end.

“这里居然是禁灵重压！”
“I can’t believe this place suppresses spiritual power and also has such crushing pressure!”

他目中露出凌厉，此地灵力被禁锢住，更有强烈的压力降临，仿佛身上背着一座山，更为惊人的，是他每走出一步，似乎身上的山都多出了一座，明明只是一百步的距离，可那种艰难，让他这里全身颤抖，快要到了极致。
A brutal gleam appeared in his eyes as he proceeded forward. The spiritual power in the area was locked down tight, and there was also huge pressure. He felt like there was a mountain resting on his shoulders, and even more shocking was that with every step he took, it felt like an entire additional mountain was added. Although there were only a total of a hundred steps to take, the difficulty was intense, and he was left trembling physically.


He was already quickly approaching his limit.

尤其是越是靠近尽头，压力就越大，背的山就越多，此刻他距离出口看似只有十一步，可他明白，这十一步的难度，前所未有。
The closer he got to the end, the greater the pressure grew, and the more mountains he felt building up on him. Eventually, he reached the point where he had only ten more steps to take. However, those ten steps seemed almost insurmountable.

上官天佑深吸口气，目中露出坚定。
Shangguan Tianyou took a deep breath, and determination flickered in his eyes.

“资格战的第一，本就属于我，我的目标是南北两岸天骄战，以天骄战第一的身份，踏入内门，若干年后，踏入我灵溪宗的传承序列！”
“The first place spot in the qualifying round belongs to me. I'm going to get into the Chosen battles, and I'm going to take first place there, too! After I get into the Inner Sect, then my future will be in the Spirit Stream Sect’s Legacy Echelon!”

上官天佑一咬牙，正要向前迈出，忽然似有所查，回头向着身后一看，立刻看到了白小纯。
Gritting his teeth, he was just about to take another step when he sensed something behind him, and turned to see Bai Xiaochun.

“是他 ”对于白小纯，南岸几乎没人不认识，就算是没见过的，也去参加了葬礼，看到了画像，上官天佑有些惊讶，他本以为在自己后面的，应该是吕天磊才对。
“It’s him” There were few people on the south bank who didn’t know Bai Xiaochun. Although Shangguan Tianyou had never met him personally, he had attended his funeral and seen his portrait. The fact that Bai Xiaochun was directly behind him was somewhat of a surprise, he had assumed it would be

“看来我对吕天磊期许过高了，一样也是废物。”
Lu Tianlei. “It seems I thought a bit too much of Lu Tianlei. What a useless fool.”

上官天佑收回目光，他也仅仅是略有惊讶而已，对白小纯选择了无视，在他心里，他与白小纯，不是一个层次之人，此刻向前迈出了一步后，上官天佑全身一颤，紧紧咬牙，全身骨头都发出咔咔之声。
Looking away, Shangguan Tianyou completely ignored Bai Xiaochun. As far as he was concerned, he was on a completely different level than Bai Xiaochun. Lifting his foot and stepping forward, he heard creaking sounds emanating from his bones.

几乎就在上官天佑走出这一步的同时，白小纯已飞奔而来，第一步走出，他没什么感觉，第二步，第三步，第四步
However, even as he took that single step. Bai Xiaochun also took a step forward. When he felt nothing, he took a second step, and then a third and a fourth

他直至一连走出了快五十步，才身体一顿，抬头诧异的看了看天空。
Soon he had taken fifty steps, whereupon he stopped and looked up into the air.

“怎么回事，感觉好像身体重了一点。”
“What’s going on? Why do I feel heavier?”

也正是在这个时候，上官天佑身体一颤，这一步终于落下，站稳在了第九十步上，整个人如要虚脱，气喘吁吁，但神色却带着满意，回头看了一眼，立刻看到了走入五十步的白小纯。
It was at this point that Shangguan Tianyou trembled and put his foot down, having completed one single step. Having taken over ninety steps, he felt like he was on the verge of collapse. He was out of breath, but his expression was one of satisfaction. Then he looked back and saw Bai Xiaochun standing there, having taken fifty steps.

他的眼睛猛地一直。
His eyes went wide.

“他 他怎么走的这么快！”
“How how is he moving so fast?”

上官天佑目中露出吃惊，可紧接着他就一咬牙。
Looking shocked, he quickly gritted his teeth.

“应该是炼体之修，所以刚开始会快一些，不过越是后面就越艰难，他 ”上官天佑心里的想法还没结束，就全身一颤，呆呆的看着白小纯居然飞快的向着自己跑来。
“He must be a body refinement cultivator. That will help him move more quickly at the beginning. But toward the end, things will get more difficult for him. He” Before Shangguan Tianyou could finish his train of thought, a tremor ran through him, and he looked on in shock as Bai Xiaochun suddenly began to run.

“跑 他 他在跑？”
“Run he’s he’s running?”

上官天佑睁大了眼，愣愣的看着白小纯在那里快速奔跑，很快的，居然到了自己的面前。
Shangguan Tianyou watched wide-eyed as Bai Xiaochun trotted up to him.

“嗨，你怎么走的这么慢？”
“Hey, why are you going so slow?”

白小纯说话时回头看了眼身后，没看到周长老追上来，于是心底松了口气，好奇的开口。
Bai Xiaochun asked. Looking over his shoulder, he saw no sign of Elder Zhou, and finally breathed a sigh of relief.

“你 没觉得身上有好多座山？”
“You don’t feel like there are mountains on your back?”

上官天佑眼皮在跳，整个人有些懵了，下意识的问了一句。
Shangguan Tianyou asked without even thinking about it, his eyelids twitching.

“好多山？
“Mountains?”


Bai Xiaochun jumped up and down a few times.

咦，是有一些，可没什么感觉啊。”
“Eee? Hm, yeah a few, but I can hardly feel them.”

白小纯一愣，还蹦了几下，看的上官天佑眼睛睁的老大，倒吸口气，一脸无法置信。
Shangguan Tianyou gasped in disbelief.

白小纯还要继续蹦跳时，忽然看到了远处周长老追来的身影，他再次发出尖叫，身体向前猛地一冲，瞬间就跨越了十步的距离，直接冲出了这座古桥 在冲出的瞬间，他的速度一小子更快了，眨眼间就跑没了影。
Bai Xiaochun continued to jump up and down a few times, but then suddenly, he saw Elder Zhou off in the distance. With a shriek, he suddenly shot forward through the final nine steps, taking him off of the bridge Then his speed increased dramatically, and he was gone from sight.

几乎在白小纯跑没影的刹那，后面的周长老脚步一下子停顿了，他整个人也都呆住，苦笑连连。
When that happened, Elder Zhou finally slowed down and then began to chuckle wryly.

“这白小纯他 居然拿了第一？”
“Bai Xiaochun actually took first place?”

与此同时，高台上，郑远东与李青候等人，也都全部站起了身，一个个神色古怪，四周的那些长老等人，也都纷纷不可思议，尽管之前白小纯超越周心琪与吕天磊后，让他们隐隐有些心理准备，可如今亲眼看到，还是心神一震，尤其是最后的一关，白小纯居然过的如此轻松。
Simultaneously, back on the balcony, Zheng Yuandong, Li Qinghou, and everyone else shot to their feet, strange expressions on their faces. The elders almost couldn’t believe their eyes. Although they had been prepared for a surprising outcome when they saw Bai Xiaochun overtake Zhou Xinqi and Lu Tianlei, the ease with which Bai Xiaochun passed the final section was flabbergasting.

“他是 第一？”
“He took first?”

李青候喃喃。
Li Qinghou murmured.

紧接着，四周那些站在高处的观望弟子，也都看到了这一幕，顿时哗然之声，在这山谷内轰鸣而起。
A moment later, a huge uproar could be heard coming from the disciples who had gathered to watch the qualifying round.

“白小纯 他超越了周心琪，吕天磊，上官天佑，他是第一！”
“Bai Xiaochun passed up Zhou Xinqi, Lu Tianlei and Shangguan Tianyou! He took first!”

“天啊，这白小纯居然也能第一！”
“Heavens!

“白小纯能第一，周长老有着至关重要的作用啊，换了谁，被那么追杀，怕是都能拿出玩命的力气！”
Bai Xiaochun actually took first!” “The only reason he took first was because of Elder Zhou. Anyone would have fled for their life with him chasing them!”

上官天佑面色一下子苍白，脑海嗡的一声，眼前发黑，仿佛天雷滚滚。
Shangguan Tianyou’s face was pale white, and his mind was spinning. His vision began to go dark, as though lightning were crashing in his mind.

他望着白小纯的背影，看着对方就在自己面前，走过了这座石桥，他身体渐渐颤抖的更厉害。
He could only watch as Bai Xiaochun simply walked off of the bridge ahead of him. He began to tremble violently.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!”

上官天佑眼睛通红，他的骄傲，他的自尊，他的一切的一切，在这一刻，只觉得全部被白小纯踩在了脚下，尤其是想到对方方才居然还问自己为何走的这么慢。
Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes were completely bloods hot. His pride, his self-respect, everything about him had just been trampled by Bai Xiaochun. Worst of all was how Bai Xiaochun had actually asked him why he was going so slow.

上官天佑全身气血涌入脑海，身体外剑气爆发，红着眼，不顾一起的向前急走，十步的距离，当他全部走过时，一口鲜血喷出。
All of the blood in his body began to rush toward his head, and the sword qi inside of him boiled on the verge of exploding. Eyes crimson, he threw caution to the wind and lurched forward nine steps, after which he coughed up a mouthful of blood.

“白小纯，我上官天佑没输过，这一次 我不服，天骄战中，我会让你知道，外门弟子里，没有人可以 胜过我！”
“Bai Xiaochun, I, Shangguan Tianyou, did not lose this day. I refuse to admit defeat. In the Chosen battles, I’ll make sure you realize well and good that among the Outer Sect disciples nobody can beat me!”

他咬牙，死死的盯着白小纯离去的方向，眼中露出强烈的战意。
Grinding his teeth, he looked off in the direction Bai Xiaochun had disappeared in, eyes bursting with the desire to do ba ttle.

第八十六章 又来这套
0085 chapter-86

白小纯一路心惊胆颤，速度飞快，直接跑下了山，甚至跑出了宗门，在灵溪宗山门外的坊市里，他转悠了好久。
Terrified out of his mind, Bai Xiaochun flew off of the mountain and out of the sect. It wasn’t until he reached the market that he actually stopped and looked behind him.

“怎么办。”
“What do I do now?”

白小纯愁眉苦脸，他心底委屈的不得了，一想起分明是那只鸟自己过来抢走了丹药，可如今怎么也都解释不清楚，周长老也不讲理
Scowling miserably, heart aching from how much he was being wronged, he couldn’t stop thinking about the fact that the bird really had stolen the medicinal pill from him. How was he suppos ed to explain it? Elder Zhou was so unreasonable

“不过，我好像是 第一？” 白小纯正发愁时，忽然想起了什么，愣了一下。
Even as he began to descend into despondency, he suddenly thought of something. “Wait a second, did I just get first place?

“哎呀，以我掌门师弟的身份，本不想和那些晚辈去争抢的。”
“Aiya. As the Junior Brother of the sect leader, I didn't want to compete with all of my juniors.”

白小纯干咳一声，心底多少还有些小得意，可转念又想到第一的话，是需要去与北岸进行天骄战的，于是又郁闷了。
Coughing dryly, he couldn’t help but feel a bit pleased with himself. But then he remembered that, having taken first place, he now had no choice but to participate in the Chosen battles with the north bank, and his heart sank.

在坊市内转悠了好久，直至到了深夜，白小纯琢磨着自己总不能不回去，于是拿出传音玉简，给许宝财传了信过去。 让许宝财去自己的院子外看看，周长老有没有堵在那里。
He moped around the market until night fell. Worried that it still wasn't safe to go back, he finally pulled out a transmission jade slip and sent a message to Xu Baocai, asking him to go check if Elder Zhou was lurking about his courtyard.

半晌后，当他看到许宝财传回的玉简之音后，这才略微放心，小心翼翼的回到山门，赶紧上了香云山，远远的，他看到院子外只有许宝财一个人的身影，又谨慎的观察了半晌，这才快速靠近。
After getting word back that the coast was clear, he cautiously returned to the sect. From a distance, he could see Xu Baocai waiting outside of his courtyard, so after looking around carefully one more time, he hurried over.

许宝财一看到白小纯，眼中立刻露出激动，正要说话，被白小纯一把拉入院子里。
Xu Baocai looked excitedly at him, and was about to say something when Bai Xiaochun dragged him into the courtyard. After the door closed, Xu Baocai said, “Sect Uncle Bai, don't worry. Elder

“白师叔放心，周长老当时就被掌门叫走了 ”许宝财连忙开口，他看着白小纯，目中狂热。
Zhou was sent away by the sect earlier” His eyes burned with zeal as he stared at Bai Xiaochun. “Back in the Ovens he stayed completely hidden,” he thought. “He even sold spots into the Outer


Sect.

“火灶房时，他就深藏不露，甚至还想出了贩卖外门弟子名额的事情，内门后，更是小比第一，引起小范围的轰动，最惊人的，是落陈家族之事，他居然活着回来，荣耀弟子的身份，掌门师弟的尊高，如今又是资格战的第一，这白小纯 他日后必定是高山仰止般的人物！”
Afterward, he took place in that minor competition, which caused a bit of a stir. After that came the incident with the Luochen Clan. After he came back alive, he became a Prestige disciple, and even the Junior Brother of the sect leader. Now he took first place in the qualifying match.


Bai Xiaochun is definitely going to be super famous in the future!”

许宝财是亲眼看到白小纯超越了所有人，成为第一的全部过程，已震撼了大半天，在心里已将白小纯看成了惊艳绝伦之人，尤其是回想曾经的一幕幕往事，对于白小纯更是越发的崇敬，立刻抱拳，深深一拜。
The fact that Bai Xiaochun had exceeded everyone to become the number one disciple had long since shaken Xu Baocai. By now, he viewed him as a breathtaking figure of legend. Thinking back to everything he had done, Xu Baocai couldn’t hold back from clasping hands and bow ing very deeply.

“恭喜白师叔，成为我南岸资格战的第一人！”
“Sect Uncle Bai,” he said, “congratulations on taking first place in the qualifying round!”

白小纯在院子里四下看了看，心底长松一口气，抬头瞄了瞄山顶周长老的洞府所在方向，暗自发誓，等自己到了筑基后，一定要将那诬陷自己的鸟炖了吃掉！
Bai Xiaochun looked around the courtyard for a moment before heaving a sigh of relief. Peering in the direction of Elder Zhou’s immortal's cave for a moment, he swore an oath that once he reached Foundation Establishment, he would feast on phoenix stew!

此刻听到许宝财的话语，白小纯转头看向许宝财，干咳一声。
In response to Xu Baocai’s words, he cleared his throat.

“本座是淡薄名利，天空白云一样的人物，本不想与那些晚辈争这个虚名，奈何周长老这里出现的不是时候。”
Looking very much like a member of the senior generation, he said, “I'm really not that amazing. I’m more like a cloud in the sky. Originally, I didn’t want to compete with all of those junior disciples, but then Elder Zhou came along.

白小纯淡淡开口，摆出一副前辈高人的模样，似在感慨。
What else was I suppos ed to do? ”

若是换了往常，白小纯这么说，许宝财尽管表面上不敢露出什么表情，可心底一定是鄙视的，但眼下，白小纯在他的眼中已是天骄中的天骄，此刻连忙开口。
Before, Xu Baocai wouldn’t have been able to prevent a look of scorn from appearing on his face in response to Bai Xiaochun’s words. But now, Bai Xiaochun was a Chosen among Chosen.

“白师叔一向低调，可白师叔你这样的天骄，哪怕再低调，也会不经意间的挥手时，散发出瞩目的光芒！”
“You always kept a low profile, Sect Uncle Bai,” he responded quickly. “However, a Chosen can only stay hidden for so long. Even without intending to, you would have made a big scene one way or another!”

这番话听的白小纯心花怒放，可表面却还是矜持，但心底巴不得许宝财多说几句，所以看向许宝财时，神色露出赞赏与鼓励。
Xu Baocai’s words filled Bai Xiaochun with elation. However, he maintained an aloof expression, although his eyes sparkled with approval.

许宝财感受到了白小纯的鼓励，更为激动的开口。 “这一次由白师叔代表我们南岸与北岸进行天骄战，定可一扫我南岸多年来的弱势，必定让那北岸震撼！”
Xu Baocai could sense that Bai Xiaochun was encouraging him, so he continued on excitedly “Sect Uncle Bai, when it comes time for the Chosen battles with the north bank, the south bank will no longer have the reputation of being weak. All thanks to you! You're going to rock the north bank!

“那什么北岸五大天骄，被传闻筑基下最强，一个个凶神恶煞，好不嚣张，这一次要让他们明白，真正的天骄，在我南岸，在香云山！” 许宝财振奋不已。
“Suppos edly, the five great Chosen of the north bank are the strongest disciples under Foundation Establishment. They’re all fiendish monsters! Thankfully, you’re going to show them that the top Chosen of the sect is here on the south bank, on Fragrant Cloud Peak!”

“五大天骄？”
“Five great Chosen?”


Bai Xiaochun said.

白小纯表面神色如常，可心头却一跳。
His expression was the same as ever, but his heart was beginning to pou nd.


“Yeah!


The north bank has five great Chosen.


There’s Beihan Lie from Sunset


Peak.

“是啊，那北岸有五大天骄，其中落日峰的北寒烈，此人冷傲狂妄，修行的是灵溪宗十大秘法之一的落日决，更有一头罕见的夜行兽，凶猛狰狞，力大无穷，生撕活人，曾一人一兽，直接灭杀过数个凝气九层的强敌！
He’s cold and arrogant, and cultivates one of the Spirit Stream Sect’s ten great secret magics, the Sunset Incantation. He also has a Nighstalker Beast, a horrifying and powerful creature that rips people to shreds. Together, they’ve slaughtered their way to becoming the most powerful fighters under the ninth level of Qi Condensation!

被称之为落日峰外门第一人！”
In fact, he’s known as the number one disciple on Sunset Peak!”

“生撕活人？”
“Rips people to shreds?”

白小纯睁大了眼。
Bai Xiaochun said, eyes widening.


“That’s nothing.


There’s also Xu Song from Archway Peak, who was born with a Godchanneling body .


The peak lord of Archway Peak paid a huge price to get him to join as a disciple.

“这还不算什么，还有一人，是穹顶峰的许嵩，此人天生具备通神体，当年拜入山门时，被穹顶峰掌座付出大代价收为弟子，对于凶兽的掌控，已到了炉火纯青的恐怖境界，传闻他能同时操控五尊凶兽，曾有一个凝气散修招惹了他，被他追杀三个月，最终操控五尊兽，将对方生生吞食三天，最后只剩下了骨头！”
He's a complete expert in controlling wild beasts. According to the rumors, he can actually control five beasts at the same time. One time when a rogue Qi Condensation cultivator pissed him off, he chased the guy down for three months and then fed him to his battle beasts. The only thing left behind was the guy’s skeleton!”

“只剩下了骨头？”
“Only the skeleton?”

白小纯心头一震。
Bai Xiaochun said, mind reeling.

“还有比他更凶残的，那第三、第四天骄，是兄妹二人，均来自鸢尾峰，女的名为公孙婉儿，相貌绝美，擅长猛禽，曾与周心琪约战，不知谁胜谁负！
“Even more ferocious than him are the third and fourth Chosen, a brother and sister team from Irispetal Peak. The sister’s name is Gongsun Wan’er. She’s spectacularly beautiful and an expert with birds of prey. One time she had a fight with Zhou Xinqi, and nobody could tell who came out on top!


“The brother is Gongsun Yun, who excels in the Dao of bugs.

男的名为公孙云，擅长虫蛊之道，喜穿黑袍，以自身饲养灵虫，据说他的身体里，都是虫卵，极为诡异，与他对敌者，往往最终全身爬满蛊虫，钻入体内，吞噬血肉，痛不欲生，若反应慢一些，会被噬的干干净净，连骨头都不剩！”
He always wears a black robe, which is filled with all sorts of bugs. People even say that his body is filled with bug eggs. What a freak! He usually covers his enemies with bugs, and then has them bore into their bodies and drink their blood.


The pain is so horrible that people usually just want to die.


If you don’t escape quickly enough, you’ll be completely eaten up, with only your bones left behind!”

“骨头都不剩？”
“Only your bones?”

白小纯倒吸口气，脑海里幻想了一下画面后，只觉得头皮发麻。
Bai Xiaochun said, gasping. Visualizing the scene, his scalp began to tingle.

“最后一人 是北岸五大天骄里，据说最神秘的一位，此人无名，是二十年前被鬼牙峰掌座带回，身世神秘，起名鬼牙，他来自鬼牙峰，擅长鬼道之法，修行了灵溪宗十大秘法里，传闻最难修行的与水泽国度齐名的 鬼夜行！
“The last of the five great Chosen of the north bank is a mysterious and legendary figure who has no known name. Twenty years ago, the peak lord of Ghostfang Peak brought him back to the sect from some unknown location. People just call him Ghostfang, and he’s an expert in magics relating to the


Dao of ghosts.


He also practices one of the legendary ten secret magics of the

据说已到了百鬼的程度，有人说，他是北岸第一天骄 ”许宝财将自己所了解的，全部告诉白小纯，听的白小纯心头狂震。
Spirit Stream Sect, a magic equally as difficult to cultivate as the Waterswamp Kingdom Ghosts Haunt the Night! Rumor has it that he can already summon a hundred ghosts! People say that he's the number one


Chosen on the north bank” Having heard the complete explanation of what


Xu Baocai knew, Bai Xiaochun was left trembling in fear.

他发现，这北岸的天骄，似乎一个个都要比南岸凶煞太多太多，虽然北岸以驭兽为主，难免接触血腥，可这差距未免太过巨大。
Terrifyingly, the Chosen from the north bank were far more ferocious than the Chosen from the south bank. Although the north bank focused on controlling animals, and it made sense that they would be slightly more violent, the actual disparity with the south bank was enormous.

“我们南岸，多少年来始终被北岸压一头，每一次的天骄战都失败，甚至上一次，听说前十里九位都是北岸，此事耻辱，我们 ”许宝财正激昂的说着，忽然发现白小纯的面色不太对劲，怔了一下，看向白小纯。
“We’ve been outdone by the north bank for years now,” Xu Baocai went on to say. “Every time the Chosen battles come around, we always lose. In fact, last time, nine of the top ten were all from the north bank. What a humiliation.


We” At this point, Xu Baocai noticed that Bai Xiaochun had a very odd expression on his face.

“白师叔，你怎么了？”
“Sect Uncle Bai, are you okay?”

白小纯赶紧抬起小下巴，正气凛然的开口。 “我身为南岸的一员，听闻我南岸如此，心底激愤！”
Bai Xiaochun quickly stuck his chin up and sternly said, “As a member of the south bank, hearing things like this makes me very angry!”

“白师叔不必激愤，这一次有白师叔出面，定让那北岸知道，我南岸的厉害！”
“Sect Uncle Bai, you don’t need to get angry. With you fighting, the north bank will finally be able to see how awesome the south bank is!”

许宝财握住拳头，振奋说道。
Xu Baocai clenched his fists in excitement.

“北岸算什么，我白小纯挥手间，让他们灰飞烟灭。” 白小纯被抬了上去，有些下不了，此刻强挺着，抬起下巴，小袖一甩，傲然开口。
Now that Bai Xiaochun had been thrust onto the stage, he found it hard to get off. Standing straight, he lifted his chin, flicked his sleeve, and said, “What does the north bank count for? With the wave of a hand, I can turn them all into ashes!”

许宝财激动，又说了几句，最后才带着狂热，告辞离去。
Xu Baocai chatted excitedly for a few more minutes before taking his leave.

（加在这里吧，放在章节后面会被删掉，最近微博，公众微信里，好多读者说，自己在某某网站，某某神器上给我留言，催更，我能不能看到，统一回答，我看不到呀，请来留言，这是唯一正版，我在这里，才能看到你的留言）
By that time, it was late into the night.

此刻深夜，院子里只有白小纯一个人，他回想之前许宝财说的那五个人，山风吹来，只觉得背后凉飕飕的。
Bai Xiaochun stood there alone in his courtyard, thinking about the five people Xu Baocai had just told him about. Then, the wind began to blow, and he felt a chill creeping up his back.

“北岸都是一些什么人啊，养兽的，养虫的，养鬼的 听起来就很可怕的样子 ”白小纯倒吸口气，回到木屋时脑子里还在浮现许宝财对北岸的介绍。
“What kind of people are they over on the north bank? They raise beasts and bugs and ghosts It's spine-chilling” Walking back to his log cabin, the things Xu Baocai had told him continued to rattle around in his mind.

“那周长老一定是故意的！” 白小纯越想越觉得不对劲，最后彻底想明白了。
The more he thought about the situation, the more fishy it seemed. Finally, he came to a conclusion. “Elder Zhou must have done this on purpose!

“我这一生，最厌烦的就是与比我厉害的打打杀杀！”
“The thing I hate most in life is all the fighting and killing!”

白小纯心里打定主意，这一次的天骄战，自己说什么也不去。
After more thought, he decided that nothing in the world would be able to get him to participate in the Chosen battles.

可第二天清晨，还没等白小纯想出什么办法不参与这次的天骄战，一道法令玉简从香云山传下，化作一道黑光，飞入到白小纯的木屋内，蓦然散开，传出李青候的声音。
The next morning at dawn, before he could even come up with a plan of how to avoid the Chosen Battles, a command jade slip flew down from the top of Fragrant Cloud Peak in a black beam of light. After it arrived, Li Qinghou’s voice could be heard.

“白小纯，南岸资格战第一，半个月后，与其他九位，一同参加南北两岸外门天骄战！
“Bai Xiaochun, you took first place in the qualifying round on the south bank. In half a month, you will join nine others to participate in the joint south and north bank Chosen battles!

不能不参加，否则扔入万蛇谷！”
If you don’t participate, you will be thrown into 10,000 S nakes Valley!”

“又来这套 ”白小纯哭丧着脸，听着法令内李青候的声音，他觉得自己被周长老坑了
“That again” Bai Xiaochun said with a scowl. He suddenly had the feeling that he had been completely conned by Elder Zhou

随着法令内李青候的声音消散，光芒一闪，玉简消失，一个镯子凭空出现，落在了白小纯的面前。
As Li Qinghou’s voice faded away, the jade slip vanished, whereupon a bracelet became visible, which floated dow n in front of Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯一愣，拿起镯子后仔细看了看，灵力融入，立刻这镯子竟化作了黑色的液体，瞬间覆盖白小纯的右手，蔓延之下，竟扩散全身。
Surprised, he looked at the bracelet, and then poured some spiritual power into it. The bracelet immediately melted into a black liquid, which then circled around Bai Xiaochun’s wrist and then covered his entire body .

与此同时，白小纯的耳边，也传来了李青候留下的此物的操控之法，并且点明此镯，能抵抗筑基初期修士，全力一击！
Moments later, Bai Xiaochun heard Li Qinghou’s voice again, explaining how to use the magic of the item. Apparently, this bracelet could defend against the full-power attack of an early Foundation Establishment cultivator! Bai Xiaochun shivered.

白小纯全身一震，他此刻不是刚入宗门的新人，清楚地知晓这样一个护身之物的价值，这甚至比掌门送出的神鹤盾还要珍贵太多，他不由得抬头，望着香云山顶。
He was no newcomer to the sect, so he knew exactly how much an item like this was worth. It was no less valuable than the Divine Crane Shield given to him by the sect leader. Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but look up toward the top of Fragrant Cloud Peak.

尽管李青候没有对此物有太多描述，可白小纯在这手镯上，感受到的是深深的温暖，他想起了当初的小比，想起了李青候的期待。
Although Li Qinghou hadn't said much about the item other than give a brief introduction, Bai Xiaochun couldn't help but feel a warm feeling when he looked at it. Then he thought back to when he had participated in the smaller competition years before, and the look of anticipation he'd seen on Li

沉默许久，白小纯一咬牙，目中有坚定。
Qinghou’s face. After a while, he gritted his teeth and made his decision.

“这天骄战，我参加了！”
“Fine. I'm going to fight in the Chosen battles!”

第八十七章 南北外门天骄战
0086 chapter-87

时间一天天过去，白小纯闭关在居所内，一步不出，直至十天后，庄严的钟声回荡整个宗门时，他的玉简内传出波动。
Days passed. Bai Xiaochun spent his time in secluded meditation, not taking even a single step outdoors. Ten days later, the sound of bells filled the sect, and Bai Xiaochun’s jade slip began to vibrate.

南北两岸外门天骄战，在南岸资格赛之后的第十天，正式举行！
The Chosen battles between the south and north banks were about to begin!

每半甲子一次的外门天骄战，都是于种道山上进行，这一日，当种道山的钟声回荡整个灵溪宗时，无数的外门弟子，全部向着种道山飞奔。
Like they did every thirty years, the matches would be held on Mount Daoseed. As the sound of bells rang out to fill the sect, countless Outer Sect disciples floode d toward that very mountain.

平日里南北两岸交流很少，只有内门弟子才可以进入彼此的区域，而外门弟子则没有这个资格，也只有这一天，种道山才会对宗门所有弟子开放，使得外门弟子可以进入观看天骄战，无论是南岸还是北岸，此刻全部振奋，一个个飞奔的身影，在灵溪宗随所处可见。
Normally, the north and south banks had few dealings with each other. Only Inner Sect disciples qualified to travel back and forth between them. Now that Mount Daoseed had been opened up, Outer Sect disciples from both banks excitedly rushed over to watch the Chosen battles.

“这一次我们南岸，一定要洗刷耻辱！”
“This time our south bank is definitely going to wash away the disgrace of past times!”

“让北岸知道，我们南岸，将超越以往，踏入辉煌！”
“We're going to make sure the north bank knows that we’ve risen to new heights of glory!”

南岸这里所有外门弟子都振奋时，北岸四座山的外门弟子，也都疾驰直奔种道山，途中傲然之声，此起彼伏。
The south bank Outer Sect disciples were all very excited. At the same time, the Outer Sect disciples from the north bank were also rushing toward Mount Daoseed, boa sting amongst themselves the entire way.

“南岸弱势，已连续输给我们北岸千多年，这一次也不会例外！”
“The south bank is so weak! They’ve lost to us for a thousand years, and this time will be no different!”

“北岸必胜，南岸必败，灵溪宗，本就是我们北岸主导，南岸只不过是附庸而已！”
“The south bank is destined to lose. In the Spirit Stream Sect, the north bank rules and the south bank drools!”

在这两岸哗然越发强烈时，在这无数外门弟子齐齐冲向种道山的一刻，青峰山上，上官天佑神色冷漠，目中带着一丝利芒，一晃飞出。
The buzz of conversation filled the air as countless Outer Sect disciples streamed toward Mount Daoseed. On Green Crest Peak, Shangguan Tianyou stood there with a cold expression on his face, his gaze as sharp as daggers as he suddenly flew out into the air.

与此同时，紫鼎山上的吕天磊，仰天发出一声低吼，全身雷光闪耀，在四周无数弟子的欢呼中疾驰远去。
Meanwhile, on Violet Cauldron Peak, Lu Tianlei threw his head back and bellowed. Electricity danced around him as he burst into motion, accompanied by the cheers of numerous disciples.

周心琪也在这一刻飞出，这南岸三大天骄，此刻每一个人都无比凝重。
Zhou Xinqi also flew out into the air. The three great Chosen of the south bank all had very serious looks on their faces.

这正是在这一刻，白小纯于居所内抬起头，双眼内有些血丝，他深吸口气，神色内一片肃然。
As for Bai Xiaochun, he was still in his residence, his eyes bloods hot as he took a deep breath. Looking very serious, he said, “The time has come

“时间到了 壮士出战，必有战袍！”
When the warrior goes to battle, he must don his combat uniform!”

他缓缓的站起了身，右手抬起一拍储物袋，顿时七八件皮衣出现，当年落陈家族一战，他的那些皮衣已碎裂，这些是这几年重新准备的，质量更好，坚韧更多。
Rising slowly to his feet, he slapped his bag of holding, producing eight leather jackets. The jackets he’d worn during his fight with the Luochen Clan had all been destroyed. These were new jackets, of higher quality and much more durable.

此刻他神色严肃，将这一件件皮衣穿在身上后，袖子一甩。
After somberly donning all of the leather clothing, he waved his arm.

“壮士出战，必有背甲！”
“When the warrior goes to battle, he must have his armor!”

随着白小纯挥袖，立刻储物袋内飞出一口大锅，张大胖的锅当年落陈家族一战时毁了，这口新的锅，是白小纯回到宗门后重新准备的，此刻目中带着凝重，他将这口大黑锅背在了后背上。
With that, a large wok flew out of his bag of holding. Big Fatty Zhang’s wok had also been destroyed in the fighting with the Luochen Clan. This was a new wok that he'd acquired after his return. Looking very serious, he strapped the black wok to his back.

“壮士出战，必有法宝！”
“When the warrior goes to battle, he must have a magical weapon!”

白小纯傲然的自语时，再次挥手，立刻小木剑飞出，被他拴在了腰带上，金乌剑飞出，吊在了一旁，还有三把飞剑，也都挂在了身上，随后又取出了神鹤盾，放在了最顺手的位置。
Even as the words left his mouth, he waved his hand, causing a little wooden sword to fly out, which he strapped to his left side. Next came the Golden Crow Sword, which he placed on his other side. After that came three more flying swords, which he strapped to his back.

还觉得不放心，戴上了李青候送给他的手镯，这才抬起下巴，全身上下透出一股悲壮之意，迈着沉重的脚步，在砰砰声中，走出了木屋的大门。
Finally was the Divine Crane Shield, which he attached to his forearm. However, he still didn't feel at ease. After putting on the bracelet from Li Qinghou, he stuck his chin up and began to walk forward solemnly.

站在门前，他听着耳边回荡在整个宗门的钟声，正要继续前行，忽然觉得还差了一些什么，于是一拍储物袋，取出一杆长枪，握在了手中。
Clanging and clattering, he walked out of his log cabin. Outside, he could hear the sound of bells ringing. After taking a few steps, he suddenly remembered something, and quickly slapped his bag of holding to produce a long spear, which he held in hand.

迎着风，白小纯小袖一甩，出了院子。
The wind blowing his hair up, he left his courtyard.

远远一看，这一刻的白小纯，全身鼓鼓囊囊如一个球，背有大锅，手有长枪，走起路来全身上下五六把飞剑摇晃碰撞，发出叮叮当当的声响，尤其是头发在风中飘摇，气势滔天。
From a distance, he almost looked like a ball. He had a huge wok on his back, a long spear in his hand, and had flying swords strapped here and there.

所过之处，无数香云山的外门弟子，在看到后全部心头一震，被白小纯这么一副装扮震慑。
It was quite a sight. As he walked along, countless Outer Sect disciples of Fragrant Cloud Peak saw him and were shocked.

钟声不绝，陆续的传出，越来越强烈，回荡整个灵溪宗，掀起了无数外门弟子的心潮，更是让不少内门弟子，也都飞向种道山。
The ringing of bells grew more intense, causing the hearts of countless Outer Sect disciples to begin to pound. There were even some Inner Sect disciples who made their way to Mount Daoseed to watch the proceedings.

白小纯迈着大步，他的身后慢慢汇聚了大量的外门弟子，许宝财也在其内，不断地传出欢呼之声。
As Bai Xiaochun made his way along, more and more Outer Sect disciples joined him. Xu Baocai was among their number, and he took the lead in the cheering.

“白师叔气势如虹，盖世雄姿！”
“Sect Uncle Bai is beyond amazing! He’s a hero of the ages!”

“必胜，必胜！”
“He’s definitely gonna win! Definitely!”

这些人都是看好白小纯的外门弟子，此刻随在白小纯身后，全力拥护，他们中还有侯小妹，她的声音尖尖的，格外明显。
Quite a large group of Outer Sect disciples crowded around him, fans who took it upon themselves to escort him along his way. One of the most prominent was Hou Xiaomei, whose voice rose up above the others as she cheered.

白小纯回头看了一眼身后的众人，心中很感动，他向着他们点了点头，觉得大家如此喜欢自己，自己这一次一定要争口气
Bai Xiaochun was quite moved, and magnanimously to the surrounding disciples. Considering how much everyone was cheering him on, he figured he really did need to do s omething to be worthy of it all

于是抬起下巴，傲然前行，一步一步，渐渐来到了种道山，到了这里时，他首先看到的，是一处巨大的战台。
Chin jutting out, he strutted proudly all the way to Mount Daoseed. The first thing he saw when he got there was the huge battle arena which had been set up, which glittered with the light of an enormous spell formation.

这战台四周有阵法光芒散出，笼罩整个战台，远处还有一处从种道山山顶，高高凸起的楼台，那里此刻有不少宗门的长老身影，正一一来临。
Further off in the distance were the various peaks of Mount Daoseed. From within the buildings that dotted their surfaces, quite a few sect elders were emerging and flying over toward the arena.

而在下方的战台两边，此刻也都有不少外门弟子到来，凝聚在一起，密密麻麻，双方的人数，都不下数万之多。
On either side of the arena floor were the stands, which were being filled with numerous Outer Sect disciples. From the look of things, there were tens of thousand of them.

战台北面，都是来自北岸的弟子，一个个明显在气势上，整体强过南岸，尤其是每个人的身边，都差不多跟随着一头凶兽。
On the north side of the arena were the disciples from the north bank, who, generally speaking, seemed a lot more impressive than the south bank disciples. Almost every single one of them had some sort of fierce beast accompanying them.

那些凶兽样子各异，但几乎每一个都露出凶残的目光，一看就不好惹，尤其是最前方的七八人，有男有女，一个个神色冰冷，身上的气势强悍。
The beasts were all different, but each one had a brutal gleam in its eyes, and none seemed like the type it would be wise to provok e. At the very front of all the north bank disciples was a smaller group consisting of both young men and women.

其中最显眼的有两人，一个是女子，相貌绝美，穿着一身紫色的长裙，她的身边赫然有一尊七彩凤鸟，此鸟似比周长老所养，还要高贵，目光如电，看向所有人时，仿佛都是俯视。
Their expressions were cold, and all seemed to burst with energy. Most conspicuous of the group was a beautiful young woman wearing a long violet gown. Standing next to her was a seven-colored phoenix that seemed even more elegant than Elder Zhou’s phoenixes. It had lightning-like eyes that seemed to look dow n upon all creation.

另一个则是青年，他穿着蓝色的长袍，头发飘扬，相貌俊朗非凡，尤其是额头的位置，赫然有一个红色的太阳印记。
Next to the young woman was a young man in a long blue robe. He was extremely handsome, and shockingly, had the mark of a red sun on his forehead.

他的脚下，竟趴着一头巨兽，远远一看仿佛一条大狗，全身黑毛浓密，爪牙锋利，尤其是目中竟有金色的光散出。
Lounging at his feet was an enormous dog, with thick black fur and razor- sharp claws. It even seemed to emanate a golden light.

此兽牙齿外露，看起来极为凶残，而那庞大的身体，趴着都有一人高，若是站起来，怕是足有两人高，给人一种强悍之感，可以想象这大狗的肉身之力，必定是骇然听闻。
Its long, sharp teeth looked particularly ferocious, and it was large enough to ride as a mount. If it rose to its feet, it would probably be as tall as two people, and seemed shockingly powerful. Clearly, its fleshly body strength was unimaginable.

这眉心有太阳印记的，正是北岸五大天骄之一的北寒烈，他身边的那条大狗，也正是北岸赫赫有名的 夜行兽！
The young man with the mark of the red sun was none other than one of the north bank’s five great Chosen, Beihan Lie. The huge dog laying at his feet was the famous Nightstalker Beast!

北岸除了这二人外，其他站在前方的弟子，也都很是惊人，还有一位，穿着黑袍，甚至连面孔都盖住，只露出冰冷的褐色的双眼，而若仔细去看，甚至可以看到他的眼睛里，竟时而又虫蛊钻来钻去！
Near the young man and young woman was another disciple who wore a black robe that covered his face. Only his coldly glittering eyes could be seen, and if one looked closely enough, it was possible to see venomous insects squirming around inside of them!

这一幕幕，让南岸的弟子纷纷心惊。
The mere sight of these Chosen caused the disciples of the south bank to tremble in fear.

此刻所有的北岸弟子，都带着轻蔑，隔着战台，看向战台南边的 南岸弟子！
As for all the north bank disciples they looked across the battle arena scornfully at the south bank disciples!

“南岸这一次依旧还是失败，里面唯独能看的，也就上官天佑、吕天磊以及周心琪三人。”
“The south bank always loses. The only people worth paying attention to are Shangguan Tianyou, Lu Tianlei, and Zhou Xinqi.”

“听说南岸又出了一人，抢到了资格战的第一，此人据说是耀荣弟子，掌门师弟？”
“I heard someone else has become famous on the south bank recently. He took first place in the qualifying round. Suppos edly he's a Prestige disciple, and the Junior Brother of the sect leader?”

“不管是谁，都没用，我北岸注定还是最强！”
“It doesn’t matter who he is. He’ll be useless against the north bank. We're the most pow erful by far!”

在北岸那些弟子的议论时，战台南边，此刻外门弟子几乎全部都在，一个个明显与北岸的弟子这么一比较，不如太多。
The Outer Sect disciples from the south bank were mostly assembled, and their numbers were clearly fewer than the disciples from the north bank.

“一群饲养凶兽的野蛮家伙，这一次我们南岸必定一雪前耻！”
“They’re nothing but a bunch of animal trainers and bug lovers. The south bank is going to get revenge this time around for sure!”

“输给他们，实在是丢人！”
“We're definitely going to make them lose some face!”

这些南岸外门弟子的前方，站着九个人，上官天佑，周心琪，吕天磊赫然在内，还有六人，一个个都神色肃然，仿佛又肃杀蕴含，他们与北岸前方的天骄，一个个正以目光决杀。
Standing in front of all the south bank disciples were nine disciples, with Shangguan Tianyou, Lu Tianlei, and Zhou Xinqi being the most prominent among them. There were six others with somber expressions, who seemed to seethe with violence. This group was made up of the Chosen from the south bank, and they were currently staring fiercely at the people from the north bank.

似乎杀的不可开交时，白小纯来了。
It was in the middle of this fierce staring contest that Bai Xiaochun showed up.

几乎在白小纯到来的刹那，不但上官天佑等人向他看去，所有的南岸外门弟子，都齐齐向他看来，目中各种思绪都有，彼此的议论之声，也都少了很多。
Shangguan Tianyou instantly looked over at him, as did all of the south bank disciples in the audience. Thoughtful expressions appeared in their eyes, and the conversations immediately died dow n.

上官天佑复杂的望着白小纯，心底充满了不甘心，眼神都冷了下来。
Mixed emotions could be seen in Shangguan Tianyou’s icy eyes as looked at Bai Xiaochun, and his heart filled with begrudging defiance.

吕天磊一样不服气，狠狠的盯着白小纯，全身闪电发出噼里啪啦的声响。
Lu Tianlei looked equally defiant as he glared hatefully at Bai Xiaochun, electricity dancing around him.

周心琪沉默，看向白小纯时，她的目中露出奇异之芒，似在仔细的打量，要看出一些隐藏在这白白小小的身体内，到底存在什么样的力量。
Zhou Xinqi stood there silently, eyes shining with a strange light, as if she were measuring Bai Xiaochun carefully, trying to determine exactly how much power was contained within his slight frame.

甚至北岸那边，众人也都不由的看向白小纯，对于他们而言，白小纯是陌生的，一个个都被白小纯的装扮震了一下后，纷纷露出轻蔑之意。
People from the north bank also couldn’t help but look over at him. However, he was a stranger to them, and the way he was dressed provok ed instant scorn.

尤其是北岸的那些天骄，目中的不屑更多。
The north bank Chosen didn’t even deign to pay him any attention.

发现自己这么受瞩目，白小纯有些不好意思，干咳一声，昂首挺胸，拿着长枪，直了身骨，走到了众人前方，站在了周心琪的身边。
Finding himself to be the center of so much attention made Bai Xiaochun feel a bit embarrassed. Clearing his throat, he stuck his chest out, hefted his spear, and strutted over to stand next to Zhou Xinqi.

察觉双方众人都在以目光开战后，白小纯立刻精神了。
When he realized that both sides were staring threateningly at each other, his spirits instantly rose.

“目光战，此事我最擅长！”
“A staring contest! I’m great at those!”

白小纯精神一振，狠狠的隔着战台，看向北岸的那些弟子，表情严肃。
He immediately looked over at the north bank disciples, a very serious expression on his face.

此刻有风吹来，吹散了白小纯的头发，可他的身影配合手中的长枪，气势不由的掀起不少。
In that moment, a breeze picked up, lifting his long hair off of his back. Coupled with the fact that he held a long spear in his hand, he cut quite an impressive figure.

时间流逝，双方人群都不断的增加，很快就人山人海，以战台为中心，成群连片。
As time passed, more people began to fill the stands on either side. A huge sea of people was growing, separated only by the arena floor.


Soon, all of the north bank Chosen had arrived.

而北岸前方的天骄，也渐渐全部到了，最后一个出现的，是一个青年，这青年穿着一身黑色的长袍，相貌平凡，唯独面色苍白仿佛没有任何鲜血，他独自一人走来，站在了前方后闭上了眼，仿佛对于一切事情都没有任何兴趣，而他的四周，则是在闭目的同时，出现了扭曲，仿佛藏着无数厉鬼，正狰狞的要冲出阴冥，降临人间。
The last one to show up was a young man in a long black robe. He was handsome, but his face was so pale that it seemed to be completely devoid of blood. He came to stand in front of all the other Chosen, where he closed his eyes, an expression of seeming complete disinterest on his face. In the same moment that he closed his eyes, the air around him seemed to twist and distort, as if he were surrounded by countless fierce ghosts, arisen from the shadows of hell.

就在这时，一道道长虹呼啸从南北呼啸而来，直奔此地，正是七座山峰的掌座以及长老，此刻大都出现，直奔战台上的露台。
About this time, beams of light flew toward the battle arena from both the north and south banks. Among them were the seven peak lords from the seven mountain peaks.

周长老也在其中，身边那只污蔑白小纯的凤鸟，也盘旋左右，看到白小纯后，目中露出趾高气昂之意。
Elder Zhou was also there, accompanied by an arrogant phoenix which flew around him. When the phoenix saw Bai Xiaochun, it looked at him with a very supercilious glare.

掌门郑远东的身影，也在露台上出现，随着众人全部到齐后，他目光扫过下方南北两岸的弟子，蓦然开口。
Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong was also in the group. After everyone had gathered, he looked at the disciples from the north and south banks, then said,

“南北两岸外门资格战，因北岸上一轮胜出，此番天骄战有资格者十二人，全部可出。”
“The joint south and north bank Outer Sect Chosen battles were last won by the north bank. As such, they may send twelve disciples into battle.

“南岸上一轮失败，此番参战者，只能是基础的十人。”
“As the previous loser, the south bank may only send ten people into battle.

“一共二十二人，以抽签决定对手，抉择外门十大弟子，选出 最强第一外门弟子！”
“There will be a total of twenty-two competitors. Oppon ents will be chosen by drawing lots. The goal of the competition is to select the top ten disciples, as well as the number one disciple!

“同门切磋，不可刻意杀人，每轮三炷香的恢复时间，且一方认输后，对方不可继续出手。
“We are here to help each other learn and grow, so killing is not permitted. After every round, you will be given three incense sticks’ worth of time to recover. If your oppon ent concedes, you must immediately cease fighting.

此番比斗，将由执法堂的欧阳长老主持。”
The competition will be presided over by Ouyang Jie from the Hall of Justice.

“你们要好好表现，我灵溪宗四位太上长老，也会神识关注此战 那么现在，南北外门天骄战 开始！”
“Perform well. Four prime elders will be observing the battle with divine sense A nd now, let the Outer Sect Chosen battles be gin!”

第八十八章 强悍的北岸
0087 chapter-88

几乎在郑远东话语传出的瞬间，战台南北的两岸弟子，全部心头一震，下意识的抬头看向上方露台。
In response to Zheng Yuandong’s words, the disciples from the north and south banks felt their hearts starting to pound, and subconsciously looked up at a terrace on the snow-capped top of Mount Daoseed.

几乎在他们看去的瞬间，立刻有四道惊天动地的神识之念，赫然从种道山的山顶，那片白雪皑皑的禁地内，蓦然出现，扫过所有人。
At the same time, four streams of shockingly powerful divine sense flowed out and swept over everyone present.

被这四道神识一扫，包括白小纯在内，所有外门弟子都身体一颤，那种感觉，是一种绝对的压制，似乎一道目光，就可以让所有人，全部形神俱灭。
The streams of divine sense covered all of the disciples, including Bai Xiaochun, causing them to feel as if incredible pressure were weighing down on them. These people seemed powerful enough to kill everyone present in body and soul with little more than a glance.

不但是白小纯如此，就算是上官天佑，还有北岸的那些天骄，也都全部身体颤抖了一下，但很快的，这些人就目中露出激动与振奋。
Everyone felt that way, including Bai Xiaochun, Shangguan Tianyou, and even the Chosen from the north bank. All of them trembled under the pressure, and yet at the same time, their eye shone with excitement.

太上长老在关注此战，这种事情，立刻让这些具备出战资格的弟子，全部呼吸急促，目中露出强烈的光芒。
The fact that there would be prime elders observing the battle with divine sense caused all of the competitors’ eyes to shine brightly.

“若是能引起太上长老的注意，收为记名弟子 ”
“If I can attract the attention of a prime elder, maybe I could be accepted as an apprentice”

“此战，一定要全力以赴！”
“I definitely need to put everything on the line in this battle!”

这一刻，阵阵煞气，从南北两岸的这些出战的外门弟子身上，蓦然爆发。
Almost immediately, murderous auras sprang up from the disciples on both sides.

唯独白小纯这里眨了眨眼。
Bai Xiaochun was the only one who simply stood t here blinking.

“和我师父一个级别的太上长老？
“Prime elders. That’s the same rank as my Master, right?

那是我师叔啊 ”白小纯立刻得意，觉得自己的身份实在太高了，他想着等这一次天骄战结束后，自己应该去拜访一下四位师叔。
So they’re my Sect Uncles” Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but feel proud of himself. His ranking in the sect really was a bit too high. After a moment of thought, he resolved to go visit his Sect Uncles after the Chosen battles were over.

也就是在这个时候，露台上的掌门郑远东，大袖一甩，顿时一个光球凭空出现，蓦然飞出，直奔战台，在这战台上光芒闪耀，分化二十二份，分别飞向南北众人，被白小纯等人一一接住后，各自立刻低头看去。
It was at this point that Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong swished his sleeve, causing a sphere of light to fly out into the middle of the battle arena. It quickly split up into twenty-two pearls, which then flew out to Bai Xiaochun and all of the other competitors. Bai Xiaochun looked dow n at the pearl in his hand.

“十一？”
“Eleven?”

白小纯瞄了一眼，想要去偷看别人的，发现上官天佑等人一个个都藏着严密，不让旁人看到。
He peered out of the corner of his eye to see if he could spot what number Shangguan Tianyou and the others had gotten, only to find that they were keeping them hidden.

“第一战，持一二珠者，上战台来！” 上方露台，传出一个阴冷的声音，不是郑远东，而是执法堂的欧阳桀。
At this point, a cold voice suddenly rang out from the balcony above . It was not Zheng Yuandong, but rather, Ouyang Jie from the Hall of Justice. “The first battle will take place between the disciples holding pearls number one and two.

在他话语回荡的瞬间，北岸那边飞出一人，此人模样瘦高，神情冷傲，刚一出场，立刻北岸传来不少欢呼，虽不是北岸五大天骄，但看那些北岸弟子的声势，此人也是骄子。
Please step forward!” In immediate response, a gaunt young man flew out from among the north bank disciples. His expression was cold and arrogant, and his appearance provok ed a cheer from the north bank disciples. Although he wasn’t one of the five great Chosen, he was still quite famous.

“北岸，刘云！” 这瘦高的青年上了战台，傲然开口时，南岸这里，上官天佑身体一瞬走出，站在了战台上。
As soon as he stepped onto the battle arena, he called out, “Liu Yun of the north bank!” In response, Shangguan Tianyou suddenly flew out.

“南岸，上官天佑！”
“Shangguan Tianyou of the south bank!”

他站在那里，神色冷漠，身体挺拔如一把利剑，话语传出时，仿佛四周的气温都降了下来。
He stood there, expression icy, looking like an unsheathed sword. Even the words he spoke seemed to make everything colder.

在上官天佑出战的刹那，南岸这里的所有外门弟子，立刻爆发出惊人的欢呼，为上官天佑助威。
Of course, as soon as Shangguan Tianyou stepped forth, the Outer Sect disciples from the south bank exploded into loud cheering.

瘦高青年面色一变，他没想到自己刚一出场，遇到的就是南岸声名赫赫的天骄，此刻面色难看，深吸口气后，他挥手间立刻四周虚无扭曲，竟有一条巨大的蟒蛇，带着腥风出现，盘起了蛇阵，足有一丈多高。
The gaunt young man’s face flickered, he had never imagined that the first person he would face would be the most famous Chosen from the south bank. Expression unsightly, he took a deep breath and then waved his hand, causing the air around him to distort. At the same time, a huge python appeared, accompanied by an acrid blast of wind. After the python coiled up, it rose nearly three meters into the air.

可就在这瘦高青年将他的凶兽召唤出后，还没等继续，上官天佑面无表情，一步走出，身体竟瞬间消失，出现时，赫然在了这瘦高青年的身后，右手一挥，一把飞剑出现在了瘦高青年的脖子上。
However, in almost the exact same moment that the young man’s wild beast appeared, and before he had time to do anything else, Shangguan Tianyou took a single step forward, his face completely expressionless. Suddenly, he vanished, and when he reappeared, he was right next to the gaunt young man, a sword in his hand, which he placed against the young man’s throat.

“你输了。”
“You lose,” he said.

瘦高青年全身寒芒都竖起，神色骇然，他艰难的回头看了上官天佑一眼，目中藏着无法置信，他知道自己或许不是对方的对手，可却没想到居然输的这么快，许久，他苦涩的低头，收起巨蟒，走下战台。
A cold feeling washed over the gaunt young man, and an expression of shocked disbelief filled his face as he turned slowly to look at Shangguan Tianyou. He knew instantly that he was no match for this opponent. How could he ever have imagined that he would lose so quickly?


Head bowed, he collected his giant python and left the arena.

“首战获胜，哈哈，这一次我们南岸赢定了！”
“We already won the first battle! Hahaha! The south bank is definitely going to win this time around!”

“上官师兄，那是可以去争一争第一的人物！”
“Elder Brother Shangguan can definitely contend for first place!”


The south bank side of the arena was in an excited uproar.

南岸顿时欢呼，无数人振奋时，白小纯睁大了眼，他也没看清上官天佑的身法，只觉得上官天佑方才的举动，实在是厉害非凡。
As for Bai Xiaochun, he stood there blinking. He hadn’t been able to see exactly what Shangguan Tianyou had done, but he could see that he was definitely beyond ordinary when it came to power.

甚至还有两道太上长老的神识，这一刻也都重点的关注了一下上官天佑。
Furthermore, two of the streams of divine sense from the prime elders began to pay closer attention to Shangguan Tianyou.

与此同时，北岸众人哗然。
The north bank disciples were dumbfounded.

“瞬移？
“Was that a minor teleportation?

不可能！
Impossible!

他才什么修为，这绝不是瞬移！”
What cultivation base does he have? That couldn't possibly have been teleportation!”

“这是虚空之法，此人 此人不愧是南岸第一天骄，凝气修为，居然有如此虚空神通！”
“It was void magic. This guy definitely deserves to be known as the south bank’s number one Chosen. Even with a Qi Condensation cultivation base, he can actually use void magic!”

北岸的出战天骄，此刻也都一个个神色变化，北寒烈眼中一闪，神色凝重，公孙兄妹一样如此，还有许嵩，也都心底一沉。
The other competitors from the north bank looked on with flickering expressions. Beihan Lie’s eyes flickered somberly. The Gongsun siblings and Xu Song all had thoughtful expressions.

唯独那黑袍青年鬼牙，始终闭着眼，从未睁开。
Only the black-robed Ghostfang simply remained in place, his eyes closed.


Before the crowd could calm down, Ouyang Jie’s cold voice once again cut through the noise.

“第二战！”
“Second battle!”

就在众人这欢呼与哗然越发剧烈时，上方露台，欧阳桀的声音，阴冷的传出，打断了众人的议论。


北岸天骄中，一位身体略胖，个子不高的青年，闻言一晃，走上战台，他笑容可掬，一脸笑眯眯，仿佛人畜无害。
From among the north bank Chosen, a rather pudgy young man stepped out. Smiling broadly, he seemed completely innocent and harmless.

“北岸，徐嵩。” 他憨笑的向着此刻从南岸走出的一个弟子，很是客气的开口。
“Xu Song of the north bank,” he said to the disciple emerging from the ranks of the south bank.

南岸走出之人，并非吕天磊等人，而是一个之前隐藏了修为，在资格战中爆发的青年，这青年马脸，此刻面色难看，认出了对方是北岸五大天骄。
His oppon ent was not Lu Tianlei or one of the other famous Chosen. He was from the group of secretive disciples who had only unleashed his power in the qualifying round. He had a long face, and wasn’t very good-looking, but he was aware that the person he was facing was one of the north banks’ five great Chosen.

“南岸，周封！”
“Zhou Feng of the south bank,” he said.

青年深吸口气，全身修为运转，沉声开口后，掐诀间立刻一把飞剑出现，可还没等指向徐嵩，徐嵩那里目中有讥讽之芒一闪，右手抬起，向下一按。
Taking a deep breath, he began to rotate his cultivation base. Performing an incantation gesture, he summoned a flying sword. However, before he could send it flying out, a derisive gleam appeared in Xu Song’s eye, and he pushed his hand out in front of him.

轰的一声，在周封的头顶，半空竟出现了一道裂缝，咔嚓一声，一尊如鲸鱼般的巨兽突然出现，迅雷不及掩耳般，一口就将周封整个人，瞬间吞入口中。
Rumbling could be heard as a rift opened up directly above Zhou Feng. Then, cracking sounds could be heard as a gigantic crocodilian beast lunged out with lightning speed and gobbled him up in a single bite.

那把飞剑被隔绝了灵力，咣当一声掉在了地上。
His flying sword lost its connection to spiritual power, and clattered down onto the ground.

“与我穹顶峰的弟子交战，居然不去注意半空，真是让人又欣喜又失望。”
“Fighting against Archway Peak disciples and ignoring the air above your head? How very disappointing.”

徐嵩笑了笑，转身走下战台，右手在身后一挥，立刻那巨兽张开口一吐，周封的身体被吐了出来，昏迷在了南岸的众人面前。
Chuckling, Xu Song turned and walked out of the arena. When he waved his hand behind him, his beast opened its mouth and spat the unconscious Zhou Feng out in front of the stunned disciples of the south bank.

南岸之人，一个个面色难看，更有不少倒吸口气，即便是吕天磊等人，也都心神一震。
Unsightly expressions could be seen, and a few gasps rang out. As for Lu Tianlei and the other Chosen, their hearts trembled.

相比之下，北岸的欢呼，在这一刻惊天而起。
In sharp contrast, the north bank disciples were cheering loudly.

白小纯心底一颤，他觉得北岸的这些家伙，太可怕了，对于凶兽的操控，已到了恐怖的程度。
Bai Xiaochun was shaken at how terrifying the north bank people were. Their control over beasts was horrifyingly advanced.

很快的，第三战开始，北岸出手的是同样为五大天骄的上官婉儿，当她看到南岸出现的不是周心琪，而是另外一人后，神色有些失望，没了兴趣，挥手间，她身边跟随的那只七彩凤鸟，吐出一口七彩雾气。
Soon, the third battle began. The competitor from the north bank was one of their five great Chosen, Gongsun Wan’er. When she saw that her oppon ent from the south bank wasn’t Zhou Xinqi, but rather one of the other random disciples, she looked a bit disappointed. Waving her hand, she had her seven-colored phoenix spit out a seven-colored mist.

南岸的那位弟子，被这七彩雾气扑面，整个人如傻了一样，自己在战台上怒吼，仿佛与一个外人看不到的敌人厮杀，很快就虚脱晕倒。
When the seven-colored mist enveloped the south bank disciple, he suddenly seemed to go insane. Howling in rage, he began to strike wildly around him, as if fighting an invisible oppon ent. A moment later, he simply passed out.

从始至终，上官婉儿只是一挥手，轻松取胜，飘然下台时，南岸众人再次沉默了，看向北岸时，都露出深深地忌惮，内心更有无力感。
From beginning to end, all Gongsun Wan’er did was wave her delicate hand. Afterward, she floated off out of the arena. The crowds from the south bank looked fearfully over at the north bank disciples, clearly shaken.

“天骄，唯有同是天骄之人，才可以去战！”
“The only people who can fight Chosen are other true Chosen.”

南岸外门弟子，带着希望，看向上官天佑等人，也有不少，看向白小纯。
The south bank disciples looked over at Shangguan Tianyou, hope shining in their eyes. Quite a few also looked at Bai Xiaochun the same way.

白小纯立刻昂首挺胸，实际上心底也被上官婉儿吓了一跳。
Bai Xiaochun immediately lifted his head high and stuck his chest out. Inwardly, though, he was terrified by what Gongsun Wan’er had just done.

“这小娘子，好像比周心琪还厉害啊。” 白小纯艰难的咽下一口唾沫。
“That wench is even more incredible than Zhou Xinqi,” he thought, his mouth going dry.

很快的，第四战展开，吕天磊全身雷光闪耀，瞬间冲上战台时，北岸那位穿着黑袍，始终闭着眼的青年，缓缓睁开眼，神色平静，一步步走上战台。
Next, the fourth battle began. Lu Tianlei flew out into the arena, surrounded by flickering lightning. His oppon ent from the north bank was the young man in the black robe who hadn’t opened his eyes the entire time. At long last, his eyes opened, and he walked calmly out into the arena.

诡异的，是他的出现，北岸居然没有任何人发出丝毫的欢呼，而是每个人都神色变化，即便是同样身为五大天骄的北寒烈等人，也都深吸口气。
Strangely, no one from the north bank cheered for him at all. Strange expressions could be seen on the disciples’ faces, and as for the other Chosen, they simply took in deep breaths.

这一幕，让南岸众人诧异，吕天磊目光紧紧的盯着黑袍青年，神色凝重。
The crowd from the south bank was a bit shocked by this. As for Lu Tianlei, he kept his eyes glued on the young man.

“北岸，鬼牙。” 黑袍青年站在台上，平静的开口，表情没有丝毫变化，就连声音也都似乎没有任何情绪。
The young man stood there quietly, face absolutely expressionless. When he spoke, his voice didn't seem to contain even a hint of emotion. “Ghostfang of the north bank.”

“南岸，吕天磊！”
“Lu Tianlei of the south bank!”

吕天磊深吸口气，他知道对方是北岸第一天骄，此刻目中渐渐露出强烈的战意。
Lu Tianlei took a deep breath. Well aware that he was facing the number one Chosen from the north bank, his eyes began to shine with the desire to do battle.

“不惜代价战胜此人，我即便损耗过大无法继续再战，也一样是第一了！”
“I'm not going to hold anything back. Even if I tire myself out so much I can’t keep fighting, it will be worth it!”

吕天磊目中战意滔天，低吼一声，立刻全身雷霆轰鸣，无数闪电轰然落下，竟以他为中心，方圆十丈，化作雷池。
Eyes burning with fighting spirit, he let out a powerful shout, causing the sparks around him to explode into a lake of lightning that expanded thirty meters in all directions.

可就在这时，鬼牙神色平静的抬起右手，向着天空一指，这一指之下，天空突然云雾翻滚，无数黑云凭空出现，瞬间凝聚，使得无数人抬头看去，北岸之人一个个面色都变化，神色内更有不少露出惊恐。
At the same time, Ghostfang calmly pointed up into the sky. Instantly, black clouds began to seethe overhead. When the disciples from the north bank saw that, their expressions flickered, some with fear.

吕天磊低吼一声，身体蓦然冲出，带动四周雷霆，直奔鬼牙。
Howling, Lu Tianlei charged toward Ghostfang, surrounded by lightning.

鬼牙依旧面无表情，甚至站在那里时，竟闭上了眼。
Ghostfang, however, didn’t even respond. He simply stood there, and even went so far as to close his eyes.

“你找死！”
“Are you looking to die?”

吕天磊觉得自己被严重的羞辱，他身为天骄，自尊极强，此刻怒吼，四周雷霆竟再次庞大了一圈，气势更为强烈。
Lu Tianlei roared, feeling somewhat humiliated. After all, self-respect was critical to Chosen. With another roar, he caused the lake of lightning to redouble in size, and burst with even more power than before.

可还没等他靠近鬼牙，整个苍穹忽然轰的一声，黑云似乎被强行撕开，一个黑色的鬼爪，庞大无比，仿佛撑天之柱，竟瞬间从云层内伸出，速度之快，直奔大地，眨眼就降临，向着吕天磊，轰然压去。
However, before he could even get close to Ghostfang, the black clouds up above were seemingly ripped apart, and a claw-like ghost hand reached out. It was enormous, like a huge column stretching dow n from the clouds, rushing toward Lu Tianlei with incredible speed and shocking pressure.

还没等靠近，吕天磊就全身一颤，鲜血喷出，身体外的所有雷霆发出挣扎的巨响，快速的崩溃，甚至他脚下的地面，也都在这一瞬咔咔声中，竟出现了一圈圈碎裂。
Even before it reached him, Lu Tianlei began to tremble, and then coughed up a mouthful of blood. The lightning around him shattered, and his feet sank into the ground, sending cracks ripping out in all directions.

他的全身在这一刻，鲜血不断地爆出，发出嘶吼，七窍流血，试图去挣扎，可一股绝望，让吕天磊的世界，瞬间漆黑。
Blood spurted out as wounds opened up all over him, and blood also oozed out of his eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. He tried to struggle, but it seemed useless. Soon, his vision began to fade.

“不！”
“No!”

更是在这鬼爪出现的瞬间，北岸也好，南岸也罢，所有的弟子，全部都控制不住的产生了恐惧的情绪，甚至在这恐惧中，体内的灵气如被压制，更有一种似乎灵魂都要被抽出的错觉。
The terrifying clawed ghost hand caused the disciples of both the north and south bank to be filled with terror. Their internal spiritual energy seemed to have been removed from their control, and their souls felt like they would be ripped out from their bodi es.

露台上，掌门等人面色也都一变。
Up on the balcony, the sect leader and the others looked on with flickering expressions.

“鬼夜行，数千年无人能修成，此子竟修炼到了这种程度！”
“For thousand of years, no one has been able to successfully cultivate Ghosts Haunt the Night. I can’t believe this kid's cultivation has reached this level!”


Xu Meixiang’s face suddenly fell.

“不好！”
“Not good!”

紫鼎山的许媚香面色一变，身体蓦然飞出，直奔战台，速度之快，眨眼临近，右手抬起向着那鬼爪一挥，轰鸣滔天，鬼爪虽被掀起，可在半空竟没有崩溃。
Without another word, she flew down toward the arena floor at top speed. She arrived in the blink of an eye, whereupon she waved her finger at the clawed ghost hand. Massive rumbling sounds echoed out as the hand was pushed back. However, it didn't collapse.

吕天磊鲜血大量喷出，直接昏迷，若是许媚香来的慢了，这一刻他必定成为了肉泥，形神俱灭。
Blood sprayed out of Lu Tianlei’s mouth, and he collapsed into unconsciousness. Had Xu Meixiang been any slower, he would have been crushed into a bloody pulp, killed in body and soul.

许媚香心神一沉，冷眼看向鬼牙。
Face darkening, Xu Meixiang looked over at Ghostfang.

“小小年纪，虽有天资，可却如此歹毒，当着我们的面残杀同门，你找死不成！”
“You little delinquent. You might have outstanding talent, but you’re far too ruthless. Trying to kill a fellow sect member right in front of us?

鬼牙沉默，神色露出一些奇怪的表情，他似乎不知道自己此刻应该表达什么情绪在脸上。
Are you looking to die or something?” Ghostfang stood there silently for a moment, an odd expression developing on his face, almost as if he weren’t sure exactly how he should react.

“我没有想到，他这么弱。”
“I just didn’t realize he would be so weak,” he said, sounding very sincere.

鬼牙抬头，望着许媚香，平静的给人一种很认真的感觉，说完，他转身走下战台。
With that, he turned to leave the arena floor. Xu Meixiang frowned and looked back up at the balcony above , seemingly a bit apprehensive.

许媚香皱起眉头，抬头看了看露台，似顾忌一些什么，冷哼一声抱起吕天磊离去，吕天磊不可能继续参战了，甚至他的伤势之重，怕是短时间都很难恢复。
Finally, she gave a cold snort, picked up Lu Tianlei, and left. Lu Tianlei would not be able to continue fighting, and in fact, his injuries would take quite some time to recover from.

北岸沉默，南岸一样沉默。
The north bank looked on silently, just as the south bank did.

唯独鬼牙的身影，似带着无尽的孤独，默默的回到了原来所在的位置，站在那里，继续闭上了眼。
Ghostfang walked back to the same spot he had been standing in, looking very lonely as he closed his eyes again.

好半晌，北岸首先恢复，他们一个个欢呼起来。
After a long moment, the disciples of the north bank recovered their composure and began to cheer a bit.

“南岸无人了，天骄都不是对手，你们这一次输定了！”
“Nobody from the south bank is a match for us at all. We're definitely going to win!”

“都失败了三场了，也就第一场运气好赢了，之后你们会连续输下去。”
“They lost three battles already. The first one was just a fluke. I bet they’ll lose all the rest of the battles too.”

面对北岸的嘲讽，南岸众人一个个都露出苦涩，北岸 太强了。
In response to the taunting of the north bank, the south bank disciples could only stare furiously. The north bank was simply too strong.

只有第一场南岸获胜，此后一连三场，全部失败，天骄吕天磊，更是几乎战死，这一幕，让南岸之前要一雪前耻的心，已经绝望。
The south bank had won the first battle, but lost the following three. The top Chosen Lu Tianlei had almost been killed, and by now, the south bank disciples no longer harbored any thoughts of securing their revenge.

上官天佑死死的盯着鬼牙，他的心前所未有的轰鸣震动，方才那一瞬，他发现自己居然在颤抖恐惧。
Shangguan Tianyou glared angrily at Ghostfang. Inwardly, he was trembling, and even felt profound terror rising up in his heart.

不但是他如此，四周所有南岸天骄，包括周心琪在内，此刻都心神震撼，北岸 这一次哪怕只有一个鬼牙，似乎就可以横扫南岸同辈。
He wasn’t the only one. The other Chosen from the south bank, even Zhou Xinqi, were deeply shaken. Even if the only person the north bank had on their team was Ghostfang they would still wipe the south bank away.

“这已经不是凝气了 就连掌座一击都无法灭去他鬼手，这就是 灵溪宗内，十大秘术里，仅有的两个被称之为绝学的 鬼夜行？”
“That was beyond the power of Qi Condensation Not even a peak lord could wipe out that ghost hand. Wasn’t that one of the ten secret magics of the Spirit Stream Sect, one of only two that can be considered rare to the extreme Ghosts Haunt the Night?”

“能与鬼夜行比较的，只有 水泽国度！”
“The only thing that can compare to Ghosts Haunt the Night is the Waterswamp Kingdom!”

白小纯神色凝重，这一战也让他心神大震，鬼牙之强，让他这里也都心惊肉跳。
Bai Xiaochun had a very serious expression on his face, and his heart was pounding. Ghostfang’s power left him jumpy to the extreme.

很快的，第五战开始，北岸走出之人，让南岸众人一样苦涩，对方正是那五大天骄里，让不少人觉得心惊的 公孙云。
Eventually, the fifth battle began. The competitor from the north bank left the south bank disciples feeling as bitter as ever. He was one of the five great Chosen, a person who struck most others cold in the heart Gongsun Yun.

他穿着黑袍，唯独露出的黄色眼睛里，此刻明显有虫蛊钻来钻去，半晌之后，南岸一位弟子，硬着头皮上了战台，几乎他刚刚上去，还没等彼此介绍，公孙云目中露出冰冷，袖子一甩，立刻从他的袖子里，瞬间嗡鸣回荡，飞出了无数黑色的虫子，直奔南岸出战弟子而去。
Within his black robe, only his yellow eyes were visible, with insects crawling in and out of them. As he walked out, one of the south bank disciples steeled himself and prepared to fight. Before he could even introduce himself, though, Gongsun Yun’s eyes flickered coldly, and he waved his sleeve. Instantly, a buzzing sound could be heard as innumerable black bugs flew out toward the south bank disciple.

任凭这弟子如何反抗，也都于事无补，很快就全身上下，就被无数黑色虫子弥漫，一切防护都没有丝毫用处，似乎有洞就钻的样子，使得所有人都看的触目惊心，哪怕是北岸的众人，也都一个个对这一幕无法适应。
No matter how the south bank disciple fought, it was useless. He was soon covered with insects, none of his defenses could protect him at all. Soon, they began to bite into him as if to bore into his flesh. It was a shocking sight that not even the crowds from the north bank were used to seeing.

“认输！”
“I concede!’ cried the south bank disciple.

南岸出战的弟子，带着颤音急忙开口，他感受到了身体上这些虫子，一个个仿佛只需对方一个念头，就会瞬间吞噬自己。
He had the feeling that a single thought on the part of his oppon ent would cause the insects to devour him.

公孙云目中露出讥讽，转身走下战台时，那些黑色的虫子如潮水一样涌向地面，快速飞奔，爬到了公孙云的身上，消失在了他的袖口内。
Gongsun Yun’s eyes flickered scornfully as he turned to leave. The black bugs receded like tidewaters, landing on Gongsun Yun and crawling up into his sleeves.

白小纯看着这一幕，头皮有些发麻，不但是他如此，周心琪，哪怕上官天佑，也都心中更沉。
When Bai Xiaochun saw all of that, his scalp went numb. Even Zhou Xinqi and Shangguan Tianyou felt their hearts sinking.

所有南岸弟子，这一刻，都觉得北岸之强，南岸根本就不是对手，这一次的天骄战，已全都叹息了。
The rest of the south bank disciples couldn’t help but ponder that the north bank seemed too powerful to even contend with. In their minds, the Chosen battles were already over.

“我们这一次输了 ”
“We’re really going to lose?”

“北岸 太强！”
“The north bank is so strong!”

与此同时，北岸那边再次获胜，气势滔天。
At the same time, the north bank disciples were elated.

“之前就说了，你们只有第一战可以胜，之后全部都会输！”
“It’s like I said before. They won the first battle, but will lose the rest!”

“南岸？
“South bank?

一个笑话而已，永远都被我们北岸压在下面吧！”
What a joke. They’ll always be beneath the north bank.”

“三十年前南岸有一人进入前十，这一次 你们一个都进不去！”
“Thirty years ago the south bank only got one disciple into the top ten, and it looks like it’ll be the same this time!”

北岸声音传遍四周，南岸有心反驳，可却一个个说不出话来，只觉得耻辱到了极致。
When the south bank disciples heard such talk, they wanted to offer retorts, but couldn’t think of anything to say. The humiliation they felt was overwhelming.

“第六战，持十一，十二珠者，上战台！” 欧阳桀的声音，在公孙云离去后，蓦然传出。
After Gongsun Yun left the arena, Ouyang Jie’s voice could once again be heard. “Sixth battle. Would the disciples with marbles eleven and twelve please step into the arena!”

白小纯深吸口气，立刻抬头，他拿的正是第十一珠。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath as he looked down at the number eleven marble he held in his hand.

第八十九章 你认输吧
0088 chapter-89

几乎在白小纯抬头的瞬间，北岸五大天骄里的北寒烈，忽然微微一笑，他本就俊朗，此刻这么一笑，竟让南岸这里的不少女弟子，也都目中露出异彩。
As Bai Xiaochun looked up, one of the north bank’s five great Chosen, Beihan Lie, suddenly smiled. He was handsome to begin with, but his smile made him even more attractive to the countless female disciples who adored him.

他面带笑容，拍了下趴在身边，样子狰狞凶残的夜行兽，向前走去，那夜行兽脑袋一晃，眼中露出幽芒，站起了身。
Patting the ferocious Nightstalker Beast which lounged next to him, he took a step forward. The Nightstalker Beast slowly rose to its feet, eyes shining with mysterious light.

在这大狗站起的刹那，南岸不少人立刻传出惊呼。
Almost as soon as the huge dog began to move, numerous north bank disciples began to cheer.

夜行兽的身体，在站起时，足有一丈多高，全身粗壮，似蕴含了无穷之力，头颅硕大，牙齿露出时，还有口水从嘴角流下，黑色的毛发膨胀，使得这大狗看起来更为凶猛。
The Nightstalker Beast was roughly three meters tall, heavily muscled, and brimming with seemingly endless power. Its head was huge, and the enormous fangs which protruded from its mouth dripped with saliva. Its long black fur made it seem even more fierce.

尤其是它的四肢，更是比寻常人的大腿都要粗，还有一根根骨刺露出，一跃之下，就跳到了战台上，仰天一吼。
Its legs were about as thick as an entire person, and had bone spurs sticking out all over them. It crouched down for a moment, then leaped out into the arena, where it threw its head back and roared.

这一吼，化作音浪，翻滚八方，使得不少北岸弟子身边的凶兽，一个个都颤抖，仿佛遇到了王者一样，不敢抬头。
The roar became a sound wave that rolled out in all directions. Many beasts belonging to other north bank disciples began to tremble and bow their heads, as if they were in the presence of royalty.

北寒烈带着笑容，走上了战台，目光扫过南岸众人。
All smiles, Beihan Lie walked out and scanned the crowd from the south bank.

“北岸，北寒烈，不知与我对战之人是哪位同门？”
“Beihan Lie of the north bank. I wonder which fellow disciple I’ll be fighting today?”

随着他话语传出，他身边的那头大狗，口水不断地滴落，眼中有冰冷残忍之芒出现，牙齿似乎在这一刻都肉眼可见的生长了一些，换了任何人，看到如此凶兽，都会失去战意，尤其是它的舌头伸出，凶残之意，格外明显。
At the same time, the huge dog’s saliva splashed down onto the ground, and it looked around with cold, brutal eyes. Its fangs even seemed to grow longer all of a sudden. Anyone who faced such a dog would surely lose their fighting spirit instantly, especially when it licked its lips, which made it look even more ferocious than before.

南岸众人沉默，看向在众人前包括白小纯在内的没有出战之人，白小纯看了看北寒烈，又看了看那条大狗，眼珠一转，神色露出古怪，干咳一声，傲然走出。
The crowd from the south bank was completely silent as they looked at the group up front, waiting for someone to step out and fight. Bai Xiaochun glanced at Beihan Lie and then the huge dog. After looking up thoughtfully for a moment, an odd expression appeared on his face.

他刚一走出，身后的南岸弟子，全部目光凝聚，露出期待。
Clearing his throat, he proudly took a step forward. Almost immediately, the eyes of numerous south bank disciples came to be fixed on him, and they shone with anticipation.

那巨大的夜行兽，此刻绿幽幽的眼睛，正锁定了白小纯。
The huge Nightstalker Beast’s shining green eyes also locked onto him.

白小纯摆出一副高手的样子，抬起下巴，走上战台，远处天空，周长老的那只鸟，似也关注了白小纯这里。
Looking like a powerful hero, Bai Xiaochun stuck his chin up and strode out into the arena. Up above , Elder Zhou’s bird looked dow n attentively.

“南岸，白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun of the south bank!”

上了战台，白小纯话语刚说完，那夜行兽突然低吼一声，目中的残忍化作了一股似要吞了白小纯的煞气。
As soon as Bai Xiaochun announced himself, the Nightstalker Beast threw its head back and howled, the brutal gleam in its eyes transforming into a murderous aura directed solely at Bai Xiaochun.


Beihan Lie took one look at Bai Xiaochun’s getup, and did nothing to conceal the derision in his eyes.

“白小纯？
“Bai Xiaochun?

听说你是这一次南岸资格战的第一？”
I heard you took first place in the south bank qualifying round, is that right?”

北寒烈看了眼白小纯身上的装扮，目中毫不掩饰的嘲讽。
Although Bai Xiaochun’s heart trembled under the murderous gaze of the huge dog, he continued to hold himself like a powerful master, as lofty as a cloud floating in the sky.

“你叫北寒烈是吧，我给你一个机会认输！”
“You’re Beihan Lie, right? I’ll give you one chance to concede!”

大狗的煞气看的白小纯心头狂颤，可他的神色却依旧保持高手的样子，傲然如天空白云。
Beihan Lie’s jaw dropped.

“认输？”
“Concede?”

北寒烈闻言一愣，随后仰天大笑，似乎听到了什么可笑至极的笑话，眼中渐渐起了煞气。
He threw his head back and laughed uproariously, as if he had just heard the funniest joke in the world. However, a murderous gleam could be seen in his eyes.

“有意思，这么多年来，你还是第一个敢这么对我说话的外门弟子。”
“Very funny. In all the years, you’re the first Outer Sect disciple who has ever dared to utter such words to me.”

北寒烈右手抬起，掐诀正要操控夜行兽。
Next, he extended his right hand and performed an incantation gesture, taking control of his Nightstalker Beast. Bai Xiaochun sighed.


Looking like a lonely hero, he gazed sadly at Beihan

“北寒烈，这是你最后的认输机会，我白小纯一旦出手，自己都害怕，我劝你 还是不要让我出手的好。”
Lie and said, “Beihan Lie, this is your last chance to concede. When I attack, I frighten even myself. I'm telling you the best thing would be to not force my hand.”

白小纯轻叹，仿佛绝世高手，寂寞天下，看向北寒烈时，露出一丝同情。


这个时候，南岸的众人，都傻眼了，他们看着白小纯，又看了看北寒烈，尤其是那条凶残的大狗，无论把二人怎么对比，似乎都是北寒烈声势更强。
The crowd from the south bank was struck mute. They stared, first at Bai Xiaochun, then at Beihan Lie, and then at the huge, ferocious dog. No matter which way they looked at the situation, Beihan Lie seemed to be far more powerful.

可白小纯的话语，却让南岸众人心底不由自主的升起了一些希望，可一想到白小纯以往的劣迹，南岸众人都患得患失。
However, Bai Xiaochun’s words at least put a seed of hope into the hearts of the south bank disciples. And yet, they couldn’t help but remember the unsavory record of his past dealings, which filled their hearts with consternation.

至于北岸，这一刻哄堂大笑，嘲讽之声络绎不绝。
As for the north bank audience, they roared with laughter and made all sorts of taunting statements.

“这家伙傻了吧，北寒师兄是五大天骄之一，虽不如鬼牙，可就算是鬼牙师兄，也都承认北寒师兄的实力，这白小纯是谁啊，如此嚣张。”
“Is this guy a moron or what? Elder Brother Beihan is one of the five great Chosen. Although he might not be on the same level as Ghostfang, even Elder


Brother Ghostfang has to admit that he’s strong.


Who does this Bai Xiaochun think he is?


How arrogant!”

“北寒师兄不但自身实力强大，他的那尊夜行兽，就连长老都赞叹不觉，属于兽中王者，肉身强悍，力大无穷，平日里一声低吼，都可以震慑心神，这白小纯 瘦瘦小小，估计一口就得被咬断了大腿！”
“Not only is Elder Brother Beihan strong, his Nightstalker Beast has been praised by the elders. It’s the king of beasts, with a powerful fleshly body and boundless energy. Even its howl is enough to shock most people into a daze. Look at this Bai Xiaochun he’s so dainty the Nightstalker Beast will probably bite his leg off with a single bite!”

“北寒师兄，必胜！”
“Elder Brother Beihan will definitely win this one!”

北寒烈被白小纯逗笑了，目中寒芒一闪，打定了主意，定要让这白小纯皮开肉绽，不死也掉层皮，掐诀间正要出手。
Beihan Lie appeared to be highly amused by Bai Xiaochun. Eyes flashing coldly, he decided that he would teach him a hard, painful lesson. If he didn’t kill him, he would shred his skin off. With that, he performed an incantation gesture to begin the fight.

“我真的一旦出手，自己都害怕。”
“I’m serious, my attacks frighten even me,” Bai Xiaochun said.

白小纯叹了口气，在话语传出的同时，他右手猛地一拍储物袋，立刻手中出现了两枚丹药。
Sighing, he slapped his bag of holding to produce two medicinal pills. As that happened, Beihan Lie smiled viciously and finished his incantation gesture.

与此同时，北寒烈狞笑，掐诀一指，立刻在一旁等的不耐烦的夜行兽，大吼一声，直奔白小纯而去。
Instantly, the eager Nightstalker Beast howled and began to charge toward Bai Xiaochun.

而北寒烈这里，也身体一晃，速度飞快，眉心太阳印记散出光芒，冲向白小纯。
Beihan Lie also burst into motion, flying along, the sun mark on his forehead radiating bright light as he flew toward Bai Xiaochun.

可就在这一人一兽冲来的瞬间，白小纯身体速度暴增，刹那跃起，一枚丹药飞速弹出，直奔夜行兽。
However, even as the man and the dog flew toward him, Bai Xiaochun jumped up into the air and sent one of the medicinal pills flying toward the Nightstalker Beast.

夜行兽目中凶芒闪耀，低吼时本可以轻松避开，可却身体一顿，表情有些变化，竟毫不闪躲，一口直接将那丹药吞了下去。
The Nightstalker Beast’s eyes gleamed as it roared through the air. It obviously could have avoided the medicinal pill, but instead, its expression flickered, and it grabbed the pill and swallowed it dow n.

吃下这枚丹药后，这大狗身体猛地颤抖，双眼瞬间就血丝弥漫，全身上下传出轰鸣巨响，本就粗壮的身体，这一刻竟再次膨胀起来，眨眼间就庞大了一倍。
Instantly, a tremor ran through the huge dog, and its eyes went bloods hot. Rumbling sounds echoed out as it began to grow larger and more muscular.

骨刺更多，牙齿更长！
Shockingly, its bone spurs and fangs also grew longer!

它的口水流下，尤其是双腿之间，此刻竟有一根棍 猛地立起！
It began to salivate, and also, something rod-like bulged out between its legs!

整个身体在这一瞬，狰狞无比，难以形容。
Overall, it looked so ferocious and terrifying that it was difficult to put into words.

它的眼睛都紫红了，穿着粗气，神智似乎都模糊起来，双爪挠地，仰天传出惊天动地的古怪吼声，嗷嗷之音传遍四周时，战台外的所有外门弟子，全部都倒吸口气。
Its eyes became violet, and it began to pant. Mind muddled, it dug its claws into the ground, threw its head back, and let out a shocking howl, the sound of which caused the south bank disciples in the audience to gasp.

“这是 这是什么丹药！”
“What what kind of medicinal pill was that?”

“不对劲，我怎么觉得这大狗的样子，有些眼熟 ”南岸弟子惊呼出声。
“Hold on, why does that dog’s posture seem so familiar?” The disciples on the north bank were looking on with wide eyes.

而北岸那边，则是所有人都睁大了眼，看着吞下了丹药后夜行兽的变化，明显的，他们感受到了这大狗的气势，以恐怖的程度暴增，不但肉身更为强悍，甚至这种发狂，让不少北岸弟子都惊喜。
The changes in the Nightstalker Beast were obvious, and somehow, it now seemed even more terrifying than before. Not only was it stronger in terms of its fleshly body , it also seemed even more maddened than before. The north bank disciples were greatly shocked.

“这丹药竟有如此效果！”
“That medicinal pill is so effective!”

“可以让凶兽发狂！”
“It can actually make wild beasts even more wild!”

这一幕，让四周不少人吃惊，就连北寒烈也都愣了一下，有些摸不清状况，虽明显感觉夜行兽强悍了太多，可他不知为何，总是感觉有些不妙。
The audience was astonished, and so was Beihan Lie, who was unsure of exactly what was happening. Although the Nightstalker Beast was obviously a lot more powerful than before, he had the sinking feeling that something was wrong.

“再劝你一句，认输吧。”
“I’ll warn you one more time,” Bai Xiaochun said coolly, sticking his jaw out. “Concede.”

白小纯抬起下巴，淡淡开口。
Beihan Lie’s eyes shone with murderous light.

“本打算这一场断你一只手臂也就罢了，既然你装神弄鬼，这一场，我要断你四肢！”
“I’d only planned to break one of your arms, but since you’re trying to act so mysterious, I think I’ll break all of your limbs instead!”

北寒烈眼中煞气弥漫，天骄战虽不可取性命，可骨断筋伤在所难免，此刻话语中身体猛地冲出，直奔白小纯。
Although taking lives was prohibited in the Chosen battles, serious injuries were often unavoidable. Even as the words left his mouth, he continued his charge toward Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯叹了口气，右手抬起一甩，他炼制出的雌香丹，直奔北寒烈而去。
Bai Xiaochun sighed and waved his right hand, sending one of his Pheromone Pills out toward Beihan Lie.

扔出丹药，白小纯速度飞快，赶紧后退到了战台的边缘，站在那里，紧张的关注北寒烈。
Afterward, he fell back at top speed until he was at the edge of the arena, where he stood n ervously, looking at Beihan Lie.

北寒烈双目收缩，正要闪躲，可这丹药却自行崩溃爆开，化作无数粉末，笼罩四周，任凭北寒烈如何避开，也都沾了不少在身上。
Beihan Lie’s pupils constricted, and just when he was about to dodg e out of the way, the pill detonated, transforming into a powder that filled the area. Even though he tried to avoid it, some of it happened to get on him.

他面色一变，以为是毒丹，急速退后，赶紧检查时，却没有发现任何异常，反倒是有一股奇香，很是好闻。
His expression flickered. Assuming it was a poison pill, he fell back and quickly examined himself. However, he found nothing out of the ordinary except for a somewhat pleasant aroma.

他皱起眉头，越发觉得古怪，正要速战速决时，忽然听到身边有低吼传出，余光一扫，立刻面色大变。
A frown appeared on his face. The situation only seemed to be getting stranger and stranger. Just when he was going to attempt to end the battle once and for all, a howl split the air.

只见那只正在嗷嗷大叫的夜行兽，此刻猛地转头，穿着粗气，目中露出强烈的红光，竟死死的盯着北寒烈。
It was none other than the Nightstalker Beast, which turned toward Beihan Lie, panting, its eyes shining bright red. Beihan Lie’s heart began to pound, and just when he was about to try to exert control over the dog, a terrifying roar shook everything, and the Nightstalker

北寒烈被看的心惊肉跳，正要去操控时，一声大吼惊天动地，那夜行兽直奔北寒烈而来，速度太快，北寒烈闪避不及，直接被夜行兽扑的爬倒。
Beast began to charge in his direction. Its speed was incredible, giving Beihan Lie absolutely no time to dodg e. Instantly, the Nightstalker Beast pounced on him.

“该死的，你疯了！
“Dammit, are you crazy?

你要干什么！”
What are you doing?”

北寒烈面色阴沉，刚刚怒吼，立刻就被那大狗死死的按住了后背，这夜行兽力大无穷，此刻疯狂，竟让北寒烈无法动弹，一股不妙的预感，让北寒烈面色瞬间苍白。
Beihan Lie’s face darkened, and he roared in fury, but the huge dog had him pinned tight. Because of the maddened Nightstalker Beast, Beihan Lie couldn’t move a muscle. Furthermore, he suddenly had a very terrifying premonition, and his face went pale.

这一刻，四周所有外门弟子，全部不由自主的靠前一些，目瞪口呆的看着这一幕，就连露台上的那些掌座与长老，也都看了过去，甚至山顶的太上长老的神识，似乎也都关注起来。
At the same time, the Outer Sect disciples in the audience couldn’t help but crane their necks to see what was happening. Even the peak lords and elders were watching closely, and the divine sense belonging to the prime elders was focused intently on the scene.

紧接着，让所有人倒吸口气，甚至骇然的一幕 随着北寒烈一声凄厉的惨叫，出现了！
Next, everyone gasped as Beihan Lie began to let out miserable shrieks!

“不 不 你！
“No NO YOU!

啊！”
AIIEEE!”


Beihan Lie’s bloodc urdling screams could shake heaven and earth.

北寒烈惨叫惊天动地，他表情痛苦，目中更有茫然，仿佛不敢去相信这一切事情的发生，全身颤抖，声音凄厉到了极致。
His expression was that of pain and confusion, as though he couldn't believe what was happening. Trembling, he could do nothing but scream. The north bank disciples were in an uproar, and could hardly believe what they were seeing. Panting, their eyes filled with unprecedented fear and terror.

“天啊！
“Heavens!

这是什么丹药，不是发狂，是发 情啊！”
What medicinal pill is that? It isn’t turning the dog crazy, it’s turning the dog on !”

“这 这 ”
“Th-this this”

“北师兄居然被自己的战兽给 办了？”
“Elder Brother Beihan is be ing done by his battle beast?”

北岸所有弟子，全部轰鸣起来，一个个都无法置信，甚至大半弟子，全部呼吸急促，眼中露出前所未有的惊恐与震撼。


而北寒烈此刻的挣扎，已到了抓狂，他的惨叫不断传出，凄厉无比，这一幕惊天动地，开创了灵溪宗前无古人的先河。
Beihan Lie struggled frantically, and let out constant, desperate screams. What was happening now would become a legend the likes of which had never existed in the Spirit Stream Sect.

就算是鬼牙，此刻也都愣了一下，睁开双眼看去时，他身体一颤，眼睛睁大老大，露出不可思议。
Even Ghostfang was watching with wide eyes, trembling in utter disbelief.

南岸的所有弟子，此刻只觉得脑海轰鸣，连思绪都没了，上官天佑懵了，觉得整个世界似乎都不好了，周心琪脸瞬间红了。
As for the south bank disciples, their minds were spinning, and they could hardly think straight. Shangguan Tianyou stared blankly, suddenly feeling as if the world were a much darker place than before. Zhou Xinqi, on the other hand, was blushing fiercely.

白小纯站在战台上，也一样心惊肉跳，这是他第一次尝试把发情丹作为斗法之物，没想到竟如此惊人 此刻望着凄惨抓地的北寒烈，他都不忍了，叹了口气。
Bai Xiaochun stood off to the side, just as shaken as everyone else. This was his first time using his Aphrodisiac Pill in battle, and he had never imagined that the results would be so astonishing As he watched the screaming Beihan Lie, he couldn’t hold back from sighing.

“我都说了，我一旦出手，自己都害怕，也劝了你好多次，可你 执迷不悟啊。”
Sounding very innocent, he said, “Like I said, even I am frightened by my attacks. I told you several times, but you just insisted on doing things your way.”

白小纯不忍，很是无辜。
It was at this point that an enraged roar filled the air as Beihan Lie’s Master finally intervened.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!”


Murderous aura raging, he leaped forward, flicking his sleeve to send the


Nightstalker Beast spinning away off into the distance.

就在这时，一声怒吼从天空上传来，北寒烈的师尊，整个人煞气滔天，轰鸣而来，大袖一卷，立刻趴在北寒烈身上的那头夜行兽大狗，身体被直接卷起，扔出老远，他一把抱起没脸见人的北寒烈，有种不真实的荒谬感觉，甚至他自己都觉得不愿在这里多逗留，愤怒的瞪了白小纯一眼，赶紧离去。
Then he picked up Beihan Lie, who by this point had absolutely no face left. The Master almost felt as if what had just occurred wasn't even real. Too embarrassed to stay, he glared angrily at Bai Xiaochun and then departed.

至于北寒烈，身体的创伤与心灵的痛苦重叠在一起，让他眼睛一闭，不得不昏迷过去，他都不知道自己以后该怎么见人，那种痛苦，让他觉得这一切，仿佛噩梦。
As for Beihan Lie, the mental and physical injuries he had sustained caused him to close his eyes and lapse into a coma. It was impossible to say when he would have the face to appear in public again. The pain he was in was like a living nightmare.

第九十章 北岸公敌
0089 chapter-90

随着北寒烈师徒二人的离去，战台两旁的南北两岸弟子，此刻全部目瞪口呆，一个个脑海嗡鸣，不知道该说些什么，满脑子都是那条大狗爬在北寒烈身上这一幕的画面
As Beihan Lie and his Master left, the disciples of both the south and north bank looked on with wide eyes, their minds spinning, completely speechless. The only thing they could think about was what had just occurred with Beihan Lie and his huge dog

不但是他们此刻懵了，就连露台上的掌门以及各峰掌座，还有那些长老，此刻也都一个个傻了般，呆呆的望着下方战台上，一脸无辜模样的白小纯。
They weren’t the only flabbergasted ones, the sect leader, peak lords, and other elders were all struck mute. All they could do was stare down into the arena at the innocent-looking Bai Xiaochun.

周长老也在里面，他身体颤抖，眼珠子都鼓了起来，神色复杂 至于半空中那只凤鸟，此刻也喊了几声，大有一副要告诉所有人，自己当初没污蔑白小纯的模样。
Elder Zhou sat there trembling, his eyes bulging, mixed emotions written on his face As for the phoenix soaring in the air above , it let out a few piercing cries, as if to point out to everyone that it hadn't falsely accused Bai Xiaochun in the past.

许久，南岸传来无数的吸气之声，所有的南岸外门弟子，在这一刹那，看向白小纯时，都露出古怪与结舌。
Eventually, the sound of breathing could be heard, and the south bank Outer

所有的女弟子，都一个个脸通红，看向白小纯时，一个个神色都古怪到了极致，更有不少直接红着脸呸了出来。
Sect disciples began to turn and look at Bai Xiaochun with strange expressions on their faces. The female disciples were all blushing, and some even spat in contempt at him.

可相比于她们，最感同身受的，是那些男弟子，几乎所有人，在这一瞬，都下意识的夹了一下腿，觉得额头有冷汗，甚至心中都同情北寒烈了。
However, the male disciples were even more profoundly affected. Without exception, they all edged away from Bai Xiaochun, sweat popping out on their foreheads as sympathy for Beihan Lie rose up in their hearts. Eventually, the crowd devolved into a hubbub.

“白 白师叔 神人！
“Sect Sect Uncle Bai is a god!

那北寒烈 估计这辈子都留下心理阴影 ”
That Beihan Lie will probably never recover from this injury”

“千万不能招惹白师叔，他 他实在是太邪门了！”
“Never, EVER provok e Sect Uncle Bai. He’s he’s a complete menace!”

“这丹药，不就是周长老的凤鸟吞下的那枚么，如此丹药，可以让凶兽发情 我实在无法想象白师叔到底基于什么原因 炼制此丹！”
“Isn’t that the same medicinal pill he fed to Elder Zhou’s phoenix? It’s basically an aphrodisiac for beasts I can’t think of any possible reason why Sect Uncle Bai would concoct something like that!”

很快的，哗然之声从南岸中爆发，不管白小纯用了什么手段，可毕竟是代表南岸获胜，要知道这是天骄战开始以来，南岸的第二次获胜，这让所有南岸弟子在心里别扭的同时，也都为白小纯欢呼喝彩。
Regardless of the methods used, Bai Xiaochun had won a victory for the south bank, only the second one so far. Although the south bank disciples weren’t really sure how to feel at the moment, they began to cheer for Bai Xiaochun. Shangguan Tianyou wiped the sweat off his brow.

上官天佑擦了下冷汗，看向白小纯时，他无论之前再怎么鄙夷，如今也都倒吸口气，他一想到方才北寒烈凄惨的一幕，琢磨若是换了自己 他不敢继续想了。
He might have looked down on Bai Xiaochun with contempt before, but now he couldn’t help but gasp. When he thought back to Beihan Lie’s cruel fate, he couldn’t help but imagine what it would have been like if he had been in the same position After a moment, he cast such thoughts aside.

周心琪早已膛目结舌，此刻脑海嗡嗡。
Zhou Xinqi was tongue-tied, her mind spinning.

可紧接着，更为强烈的哗然声，如同天地雷霆一样，从北岸弟子中强烈的爆发出来，这种哗然，这种轰鸣，前所未有，哪怕是北岸之前连胜多场，气势如虹时，也远远不如现在。
Moments later, though, an even greater commotion could be heard, something like the rumble of thunder. The north bank disciples erupted in unprecedented fashion, it didn’t matter that they had won so many battles in the competition so far, and in such amazing fashion. Now, everything had changed. All of the north bank disciples, even the Inner Sect disciples who had come to observe the battles, were all incensed.


Eyes bloods hot, they shouted out at the tops of their lungs.

“丧心病狂！
“Demented!

那是什么丹药，该死的，这种丹药怎么会存在于世间，要灭了白小纯，灭绝这丹药！”
What medicinal pill is that? Dammit! How can a pill like that even exist in the world? I'm gonna exterminate Bai Xiaochun and destroy that pill!”

“天啊，北师兄居然被他的凶兽给扑了，这 这 ”
“Heavens! Elder Brother Beihan's own beast pounced on him! This this”

“打倒白小纯，他带给我们北岸无数年来，最大的耻辱！
“Take Bai Xiaochun down! Nobody has insulted the north bank like this in countless years!

那种丹药，要列为禁药，但凡拥有，都要被彻底灭绝！”
That medicinal pill should be banned! Any of them that exist should be completely destroyed!”

所有北岸的弟子，哪怕是那些前来观望的内门弟子，也都在这一瞬，疯狂起来，双眼通红，嘶吼滔天。


他们无法不疯狂，南岸男性弟子觉得感同身受，甚至可怜同情北寒烈，可对于北岸来说，他们才是真正的感同身受啊 他们每个人都有自己的战兽，甚至这一刻，在这愤怒疯狂的嘶吼中，他们每个人都下意识的看了一眼身边的战兽，想起北寒烈，顿时觉得整个人都不好了
It was impossible for them not to be enraged. Even the male disciples from the south bank sympathized with Beihan Lie, much less those from the north bank, who felt his pain even more After all, every north bank disciple had a battle beast of some sort. Even as they shouted out in range, they subconsciously glanced down at their various respective battle beasts, and thought of Beihan Lie. They couldn’t help but feel uneasy as a result.

于是，更为疯狂的嘶吼，从北岸更多人的口中，惊天而起。
Soon, their maddened shouts grew even more extreme.

“北岸公敌，白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun is the archenemy of the north bank!”

“打倒白小纯，此人若在，我北岸永远耻辱！”
“Down with Bai Xiaochun! The north bank will endure eternal humiliation as long as he lives!”

“该死的，我要杀了他，我要灭了他，他给我们北岸，留下了永恒存在的阴影！”
“Dammit! I'm gonna kill him! I'm gonna exterminate him! He’s stained the north bank for all eternity!”

可以想象，从此之后北岸的弟子，每个人在面对自己的战兽时，都会忍不住想起北寒烈的凄惨。
It was easy to imagine how in the future, every time the north bank disciples looked at their own battle beasts, they would think about the tragedy of Beihan Lie.

公孙兄妹，此刻也都倒吸口气，看向白小纯时，露出前所未有的忌惮，更有滔天的怒火，受伤的是北寒烈，可这种受伤，带来的是整个北岸的耻辱。
The Gongsun siblings’ breath came in ragged pants as they looked at Bai Xiaochun, their eyes shining with unprecedented fear, as well as rage. Although Beihan Lie had been the one to receive the injury, the entire north bank was hurt.

还有徐嵩，他微胖的身体，此刻颤抖起来，神色激愤，尽管他与北寒烈相互看不顺眼，可如今他心底无比的同情，甚至在这同情的深处，更有恐惧。
As for Xu Song, all the fat on his body trembled, and his expression was one of fury. Although he never got along with Beihan Lie, he couldn’t help but feel sorry for him. Deep inside, he felt sympathy, and even more so, terror.

“北寒烈只有一尊兽 我 我有五尊 ”想到这里，徐嵩都快哭了，咬牙切齿，红着眼怒吼白小纯。
“Beihan Lie could only control one battle beast I I have five” When he thought about that, Xu Song almost cried. Gnashing his teeth, he glared at Bai Xiaochun with furious, bloods hot eyes.

哪怕是穿着黑袍的鬼牙，此刻也都身体微微震动，看向白小纯时，目中露出凝重。
Even the black-robed Ghostfang trembled, a look of intense seriousness in his eyes as he stared at Bai Xiaochun.

眼看自己如捅了马蜂窝一样，引起了这么大的反应，白小纯觉得无辜，站在台上，他看向北岸的那些激愤的弟子，连忙解释了一句。
Bai Xiaochun looked around innocently at the hornet’s nest he had stirred up. When he saw how mad the north bank disciples were getting, he quickly tried to offer an explanation.

“不怨我啊，我刚才上场时就提醒北寒烈了，让他认输，可他不听啊，我都说了 我一旦出手，自己都害怕啊。”
“Hey, don't blame me. Before the fighting even started, I told Beihan Lie to concede. He didn't listen. I made it clear that even I'm afraid of my own attacks!”

白小纯是真的觉得很委屈，可他不解释还好，这么一解释，如同是火上浇油
Bai Xiaochun really felt that he was being given the short end of the stick. However, his explanations did nothing except pour fuel onto the fire.

“白小纯，你居然叫白小纯，该死的，你一点都不纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun? I can’t believe you have a name like that! Dammit! You're not pure at all!”

“无耻之徒，卑鄙至极，你竟还来羞辱我们！”
“Completely shameless! Despicable! How dare you continue to humiliate us!”

“打倒白小纯！”
“Take Bai Xiaochun dow n!”

北岸弟子疯了，一个个红着眼，竟全部都上前几步，这数万人的同时前行，仿佛全部要冲上战台去干掉白小纯。
The enraged north bank disciples began to edge forward, eyes bloods hot. From the look of it, tens of thousands of disciples were all about to charge onto the arena floor to take Bai Xiaochun out.

这一幕立刻让白小纯心惊肉跳，赶紧退后，快走几步靠近了南岸这里后，他叹了口气，抬起小下巴，小袖一甩，摆出高手寂寞的模样。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart began to thump, and he quickly retreated a few steps closer to the south bank audience. Sighing, he stuck his chin up, waved his sleeve, and stood t here like a lonely hero.

“我本纯良，奈何世人污蔑，罢了罢了。”
“I am pure and good, no matter how anybody tries to smear me,” he said.

白小纯轻叹，赶紧跳下战台，他的身后，爆发出北岸无数人更强烈的怒吼，那一双双眼睛，如果目光能杀人的话，这一刻白小纯已死了几万次之多。
Sighing, he finally left the arena floor. Behind him, countless north bank disciples were shouting in fury and staring daggers. If looks could kill, Bai Xiaochun would be dead many, many times over already.

白小纯干咳一声，回到了南岸众人前，所有南岸的弟子都神色古怪，他们是真的感受到了白小纯这里具备的吸引愤怒之力，是多么的恐怖。
He coughed dryly as he returned to the south bank side. Strange expressions could be seen on the faces of the disciples there, by this point, they could sense the intense anger the north bank felt toward him, and it was terrifying.

这一刻，北岸的所有人，他们的敌人已经不是南岸了，他们的敌人只有一个，那就是白小纯！
As of this moment, the true enemy of the north bank wasn’t the south bank, it was a single person. Bai Xiaochun!

甚至可以想象，这一次就算是北岸真的胜利了，可有北寒烈那一幕，北岸胜了也是输
It was easy to imagine how, even if the north bank won the competition, because of Beihan Lie, they would consider it a loss

上方的露台上，掌门面色尴尬，低头狠狠的瞪着下方的白小纯，心底泛起阵阵无力感，他觉得，似乎只要有白小纯出现的地方，无论是多么严肃的事情，最终都会变了味道 至于此刻还在这里的五座山峰的掌座，北岸的三人，一个个都不知该露出什么表情，他们这一辈子也没见过这样的事情
The sect leader sat awkwardly up on the balcony, glaring down at Bai Xiaochun, his heart pounding with helplessness. He couldn’t help but muse that whenever Bai Xiaochun showed up, it didn't matter how solemn the occasion was, the atmosphere would quickly devolve As for the three peak lords from the south bank, none of them were quite sure what expression was appropriate. They had never encountered a situation like this in their entire lives

李青候面色青红不定，眼神内也有茫然，方才的那一幕，太震撼了，以至于种道山山顶的四位太上长老，此刻神识也都波动了一下，分不清如今的情绪是怎么样的起伏。
Li Qinghou’s complexion flickered between green and red, and his eyes were blank. He had been completely shaken by what just occurred. Even the four prime elders on the peak of Mount Daoseed felt their divine sense shaking, and they weren’t sure exactly what to think or feel.

眼看北岸激愤，似有些控制不住局面，欧阳桀的声音，蓦然从天空传来，随着声音出现的，还有一股大力，轰在战台上，使得那些靠近战台的北岸弟子，纷纷被推开。
Seeing that the anger of the north bank disciples was almost beyond control, Ouyang Jie suddenly spoke out in a voice which swept out and physically pushed the north bank disciples back.

“第七战，开始！”
“Let the seventh battle begin!”

欧阳桀也无奈，话语传出后，北岸具备出战资格的数人里，立刻冲出一人，这是一个大汉，他眼珠子通红，上了战台后，怒吼起来。
Instantly, a burly man flew out from among the north bank forces. His eyes were bright red as he landed on the arena floor, where he let out a roar of rage.

“白小纯，我要向你挑战！”
“Bai Xiaochun, I challenge you to fight!”


“Let’s wait and see if you can get into the top ten,” Bai Xiaochun replied, sticking his chin out like a lonely hero.

“等你进入前十，就有与我一战的资格了。”
“Then maybe you’ll qualify to fight me.”

白小纯抬起下巴，摆出高手的样子，淡淡开口，那北岸大汉低吼，双眼血丝弥漫时，在上官天佑身边，一个南岸资格战前十的弟子，硬着头皮走出，上了战台。
The burly man howled in fury, his eyes completely bloods hot. At the same time, the disciple standing next to Shangguan Tianyou braced himself and walked out onto the arena floor.

这一战，轰鸣不断，北岸疯了 尤其是这北岸大汉，是白小纯之后最先出现的，那种对白小纯的愤怒，此刻全部发泄出来，使得南岸的弟子节节败退，最后不得不认输。
Booms echoed out. The north bank disciples had gone mad and this burly man, the first to fight after Bai Xiaochun’s performance, was clearly venting his anger by fighting. The south bank disciple was pushed backward over and over again until he finally conceded.

此后第八战，第九战 北岸弟子如打了鸡血一样，一个个都煞气滔天，上了战台就疯狂的出手，他们每个人心中都憋着一口气，要打入前十去，要去与白小纯一战，雪洗耻辱！
Next were the eighth and ninth battles The north bank disciples might as well have been slaughtering chickens. They fought with enraged madness, their hearts bursting with anger. All of them wanted to get into the top ten to have a chance to fight Bai Xiaochun and cleanse the stain of humiliation!

“一定要赢，然后在前十战中，去干掉白小纯，让他也尝试一下，被战兽扑的凄惨！”
“I have to win! Once I'm in the top ten, I’ll take Bai Xiaochun down. Then we’ll see how he likes to get pounced on by a wild beast!”

“他奶奶的，老子宁可触犯门规，也要废了他！”
“Fudge! Even if I have to break the damn sect rules, I'm going to cripple him!”

“灭了他，师尊都不会处罚太深，因为无论是谁灭了这白小纯，那就是北岸的英雄！”
“Even if I kill him, my Master won’t punish me too badly. Anybody that kills Bai Xiaochun will be a hero to the north bank!”

这些出战的北岸弟子，一个个用出了全部手段，一时之间战意滔天。
The north bank disciples used every means at their disposal in the fighting.

至于第十战，因北岸多了两个人，所以这一战是北岸之间的战斗，虽也激烈，可却明显柔和不少。
Because the north bank had two more people on their team than the south bank, the tenth battle was fought between two north bank disciples. However, they didn't go easy on each other.

很快的，这第一轮的最后一战，开始了，周心琪深吸口气，脚下紫光闪耀，飘然落入战台上，与北岸的最后一位具备资格的弟子，最终开战。
Soon, the final battle of the first round had arrived. Zhou Xinqi took a deep breath and walked out onto the arena floor, violet light flickering around her feet. Moments later, she began to fight the final north bank disciple.

此战没有惊心动魄，周心琪毕竟是天骄之一，北岸的出战弟子，尽管也有不俗之处，可与周心琪比较还是差了不少，二人出手，也就是十个呼吸的时间，那北岸弟子立刻鲜血喷出，黯淡不甘的认输。
The battle was not shocking or amazing. Zhou Xinqi was a Chosen, and although the north bank disciple she fought was extraordinary, he couldn’t compare to her at all. After only ten breaths of time passed, the north bank disciple coughed up a mouthful of blood a nd begrudgingly conceded.

周心琪获胜，淡然归来时，南岸爆发出强烈的欢呼声，这欢呼声听的白小纯也都心里有些酸酸的，暗道自己也赢了啊，为何没有周心琪的欢呼多。
As Zhou Xinqi walked back to the team, the south bank disciples erupted into cheering. When Bai Xiaochun heard it, he felt a bit sour inwardly. The cheering for Zhou Xinqi was clearly much louder than the cheering had been for him.

至此，南北两岸外门天骄战的第一轮，结束，还剩下十一人，其中北岸八人，南岸仅有三人！
As of this moment, the first round of the Chosen battles was over. Eleven disciples remained, eight from the north bank, and three from the south bank!

第九十一章 疯狂的北岸
0090 chapter-91

随着第一轮的结束，迎来的是三炷香的休息时间，这一刻，北岸所有弟子，全部都气势汹汹，死死的盯着南岸，盯着 白小纯！
Now that the first round was over, a rest period began that would last for three incense sticks worth of time. As everyone sat there, the north bank disciples bristled, glaring angrily at Bai Xiaochun!

他们都在等待第二轮开始，要去用所有手段，打倒白小纯，甚至这一次北岸的胜利与否大家都不关注了，此刻唯独关注的，就是如何血洗前耻！
The contestants were all itching to begin the second round, in which they would do anything possible to take Bai Xiaochun out. By now, none of them cared whether or not the north bank won in the end, they merely wanted to shed his blood t o wash away their humiliation!

“白小纯，这第二轮，一定让你知道，你带给我们北岸耻辱，我们就要让你付出惨重的代价！”
“Bai Xiaochun, in the second round, I'm going to make you pay a horrifying price for humiliating the north bank!”

“这种人，就应该是被一群战兽扑倒，才解恨，这第二轮，让他悲痛一生！”
“He should be given to an entire pack of beasts to ease our hatred. This second round will be the most painful experience of his life!”

“打倒白小纯，打倒这无耻之徒！”
“Take Bai Xiaochun dow n! Take this shameless bastard dow n!”

北岸声音传出，他们要干掉白小纯的心，此刻全部凝聚在了前方出战的八人身上，这胜出的八人，除了鬼牙平静的闭上双眼外，其他七人，都磨拳霍霍。
The north bank cared about nothing but taking out Bai Xiaochun, and that responsibility was given to the eight people who had made it through the first round. Although Ghostfang simply sat there with his eyes closed, the other seven glared angrily at Bai Xiaochun with clenched fists.

他们知道自己代表了北岸所有弟子的意志，这一刻看向白小纯时，眼中都有强烈的光芒，彼此内心也有分析，都在思索方才白小纯的那一战的细节，渐渐各自都心中有底，找到了能去克制之法。
They represented all of the other disciples of the north bank, and were now analyzing what they had learned about him from his previous performance. All of them were coming up with their own ways of dealing with him.

“这白小纯只不过是有丹药而已，只要不给他拿出丹药的机会，一切就足矣！”
“All Bai Xiaochun has are some medicinal pills. As long as he doesn’t have a chance to use them, he can be dealt with easily!”

“以丹药取胜罢了，没有丹药，灭他轻而易举，这第二轮，他必败，而且会很凄惨的败！”
“He only won because of those medicinal pills. Without them, exterminating him will be as easy as turning over your hand. He’ll definitely be defeated in the second round.

“太过分了！”
Defeated, and defeated ruthlessly!”

白小纯心底满是委屈，他觉得北岸太欺负人了，自己不就是胜了一场么，至于这么凶残么 他想要开口说些什么，可担心自己一说话，估计对方那边就会炸了。
As far as Bai Xiaochun was concerned, the north bank disciples were acting like bullies. He’d won, hadn’t he? As for the brutality of that victory he wanted to say something in his defense, but was worried that if he said the wrong thing, it would only make things worse. Much worse.


“This is ridiculous!” he thought.

就在北岸激昂的同时，南岸也发出不甘心的声音，气势慢慢也都掀起时，欧阳桀的话语，蓦然传出。
As the north bank stewed in their anger, the south bank disciples didn’t say much either. They simply sat there bristling until Ouyang Jie finally spoke.

“三炷香已过，进行第二轮天骄战，抉择前六！”
“Three incense sticks have burned. The second round of the Chosen battles will now begin, and the top six will be selected!

“你们十一人，会有一人轮空，直接进入前六，余下十人按照抽签的顺序，两两对决！”
“Of the eleven of you, one will sit out of the fighting and directly enter the top six. The other ten will draw lots and fight each other in twos to proceed!”

欧阳桀话语回荡时，突然的，在这战台上，出现了一道光，这光形成了一个圆球，足有半丈大小，漂浮时，包括白小纯在内的南北十一人，他们手中的珠子，在这一刻似受到了召唤，瞬间离手而去，直奔着圆球，融入其中。
Accompanying Ouyang Jie’s words, a beam of light shot out over the arena floor, which transformed into a glowing sphere, roughly three meters in diameter. In turn, the pearls in the hands of Bai Xiaochun and the other remaining contestants were tugged toward it. Upon releasing the pearls, they flew directly toward the glowing sphere.

可以清晰地看到，这些珠子在融入圆球后，上面标注的数字被替换成从一到十，还有一个珠子则是空白。
Once inside, new numbers appeared on their surfaces, from one to ten, with one of the pearls being blank.

十一个珠子在里面不断地旋转，越来越快，直至看不清后，这圆球模糊起来。
The eleven pearls began to rotate inside the sphere, moving faster and faster until they were nothing more than a blur.

“以玄术秘法，遮盖了天机，求的是一个公平公正，就算是老夫也无法干扰这圆球内的珠子，所以你们大可放心，现在，全部摄取，选出自己的序列。”
“A secret magic is at work here to ensure complete and utter fairness,” explained Ouyang Jie. “Not even I can interfere with the pearls. Rest at ease as you take the marbles back to decide the order of fighting.”

欧阳桀的声音扩散时，北岸徐嵩，狠狠盯着白小纯，冷笑开口。
Xu Song glared at Bai Xiaochun and then chuckled coldly.

“白小纯，你祈祷这一轮碰到的不是许某，否则的话，你注定悲催！”
“Bai Xiaochun, you’d better pray that you don’t fight me. I’ll crush you like a twig!”

说完，他抬手摄取一枚珠子，拿在了手中。
With that, he waved his hand, causing a pearl to fly out into his hand.

“不管你遇到了谁，这第二轮，你都输定了，而且会很凄惨！” 北岸一个天骄，咬牙冷声开口时，众人都抬起右手，向着圆球遥遥一抓，白小纯也在其中，带着委屈抓了过去
One of the other north bank Chosen gritted his teeth and coldly said, “It doesn’t matter who you face, you’re definitely going to lose painfully in the second round!” With that, he and everyone else, Bai Xiaochun included, made grasping motions to secure their pearls.

瞬间，就有十个珠子急速飞出，分别落向众人。
Instantly, ten pearls flew out toward the group of contestants.

“我是三号！”
“I have number three!”

“我是七号！”
“I'm number seven!”

“我是一号！”
“I got number one!”

每一个北岸弟子，都在拿到珠子后，立刻开口，说出自己的序列，气势随着一句句序列传出，快速崛起，他们每个人在说出后，都会看向白小纯，目中露出凶残，鬼牙低头看了眼手中的珠子，也淡淡开口。
When the north bank disciples got their pearls, they announced the numbers. Soon, the order of fighting was becoming clear. After they announced their numbers, they looked ferociously toward Bai

“九号！”
Xiaochun. Eventually, Ghostfang got his pearl and coolly said, “Number nine!”

很快的，战台外所有北岸弟子愕然发现，他们北岸的八个天骄，居然没有一个抽到轮空，十个数字，此刻只缺四号和十号，一个个顿时紧张起来，看向南岸。
The north bank disciples soon found that not a single one of their number had acquired the blank pearl. As of this moment, the only pearls left were numbers four and ten, as well as the blank pearl. The north bank disciples began to look nervously over at the south bank.

“我是四号！”
“I’m number four!”

上官天佑淡淡开口。
Shangguan Tianyou announced coolly.

“十号！”
“Number ten!”

周心琪面色有些难看，话语说出时，看了一眼北岸的鬼牙。
Zhou Xinqi said, her face somewhat unsightly. As soon as the words left her mouth, she looked over at Ghostfang.

当除了白小纯外，所有人都把序列说出后，南岸众人一个个神色立刻诡异起来，尤其是里面香云山的曾看到白小纯当初小比的外门弟子，一个个都睁大了眼。
By now, everyone’s fighting spot had been determined, with the exception of Bai Xiaochun. Strange expressions appeared on the faces of the south bank audience, especially the Fragrant Cloud Peak disciples, who had been there to watch Bai Xiaochun fight in the smaller competition. Their eyes went as wide as saucers.

“不会吧 ”他们有些无法置信。
“No way” they thought incredulously.

而比他们更无法置信的，则是磨拳霍霍，准备这一次要好好教训白小纯的北岸众人，一个个都傻眼了，瞬间，此地无数目光，齐齐凝聚在了白小纯身上。
Even more incredulous than them were the north bank disciples, who so badly wanted to teach him a lesson. Fists clenched, the entire group stared blankly at Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun couldn’t keep from looking a bit proud. The pearl in his hand had no number on it whatsoever.

白小纯脸上掩饰不住的得意，他方才就看到了，自己拿到的小球上面居然没有数字，他还以为自己看错了，又仔细的看了一遍这才确定，此刻眼看四周众人都望着自己，那种万众瞩目的感觉，让白小纯觉得人生寂寞 于是小袖一甩，摆出高手孤傲的样子，抬头看着天空的白云，口中淡淡的，传出忧郁的声音。
At first, he'd thought that he might have seen incorrectly. However, after closer examination, he confirmed that it was indeed blank. Then he looked around and realized that everyone was staring at him, and suddenly, he realized how lonely life could be sometimes Flicking his sleeve, he assumed the manner of a lonely hero, staring up into the clouds.


Voice cool, he said, “My apologies.

“不好意思，我轮空了，想要战我，你们要继续努力。”
I’ll be sitting this round out. If you want to fight me, you’ll have to work hard to get to the next round.”

随着他话语的传出，四周出现了短暂的寂静，几个呼吸的时间后，北岸那里，蓦然间传出了无数的怒吼与哗然。
His words were met with a moment of silence. A few breaths’ worth of time passed, and then the north bank audience erupted into enraged shouting.

“不可能，该死的，居然轮空！
“Impossible! Dammit, he’s sitting the round out?

为什么是他轮空，这无耻的白小纯，为什么是他！”
Why did it have to be him, the shameless Bai Xiaochun. Why?”

“他这是什么运气，十一个人选择，居然还能被轮空！
“How could he be so lucky? Out of eleven people, I can’t believe that he gets to sit the round out!

这种人，居然有如此运气，太没天理了！”
How could someone like him have luck like this? It’s preposterous!”

“我受不了了，太能卖弄了，我要干掉他！”
“I can’t take this. What an absolute show-off! I HAVE to take him dow n!”

北岸外门弟子本打算这一次血洗前耻，可竟发现轮空，一个个差点喷出一口老血，此事立刻爆发开来，形成了无边无际的怒吼，使得出战的北岸天骄，也一个个都仿佛一拳打在了棉花上，那种感觉，让徐嵩等人都内心极为憋屈，看向白小纯时，恨不能用目光将他分尸。
The north bank disciples had intended to wash their humiliation clean with violence, but now that Bai Xiaochun was sitting the round out, they very nearly coughed up mouthfuls of blood. It was almost like they had just tried to punch Bai Xiaochun in the face, but ended up striking nothing but air. Frustration fermenting inside of them, Xu Song and the others stared at Bai Xiaochun as if they wished they could rip him to pieces right then and there.

就连南岸众人也都神色古怪，说不出话来，他们早就看出了北岸欲战白小纯的心，强烈无比，可如今的变化，不用去想，就能知道北岸的郁闷已然滔天。
Even the south bank disciples looked on with odd expressions, unsure of what to say. It was already obvious that the north bank disciples wanted to fight Bai Xiaochun more than anything else, so it wasn't even necessary to ponder how they felt regarding this sudden development.


“That’s nothing!” blurted out a random Fragrant Cloud Peak disciple.

“这算什么，白师叔小比的时候 轮空两次呢！”
“Back in the minor competition, Sect Uncle Bai sat out for two rounds in a row!”

有香云山的外门弟子，忍不住悄声说道，被身边人听到后，一个个都睁大了眼，露出不可思议。
When the people sitting around him heard that, their eyes went wide with disbelief.

“以前也轮空过？
“This happened to him before?

白师叔这运气 无法形容了！”
Sect Uncle Bai’s luck is unbelievable!”

白小纯干咳一声，依旧摆出高手寂寞的样子，目光扫过北岸，轻轻摇头，似一样很遗憾的模样，使得北岸彻底发狂。
Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat, and yet again assumed the posture of a lonely hero. Looking over at the north bank side, he slowly shook his head. That, of course, made the north bank even angrier.

可再怎么发狂也没有办法，在这憋屈中，第二轮天骄战，开始了。
However, getting angrier didn’t change the situation at all. They had no option but to stifle their feelings as the second round of the Chosen battles began.

只是没有了白小纯，似乎这天骄战也都没了兴趣，尤其是十个人里，南岸只有两个人，也就代表着有三场，是北岸自己和自己打。
Unfortunately, without Bai Xiaochun fighting, the entire affair was a lot less interesting. Furthermore, the south bank only had two disciples in the mix, which meant that three of the battles would involve disciples from the north bank fighting each other.

第二轮的第一战，就是如此，当北岸的公孙婉儿与另一个北岸前十一起走上台后，根本就没怎么出手，那北岸前十的弟子就败下阵来，看的南岸都很是复杂。
The first battle was just such a situation. Gongsun Wan’er fought one of the other north bank disciples, and defeated him effortlessly. The defeated disciple trudged off of the arena floor, looking over his shoulder at the south bank side, mixed emotions playing across his face.

好在第二战，轮到了上官天佑出战，可他的运气也极好，对手不是北岸此刻的四大天骄，而是一个前十的弟子，这一战上官天佑不费吹灰之力，轻易取胜，使得南岸众人松了口气，最起码 胜了一场。
The second battle saw Shangguan Tianyou take the field. Luckily for him, he didn’t face one of the top Chosen, but another random disciple, whom he defeated as easily as blowing some dust off of his shoulder. The south bank audience breathed sighs of relief. At least they had secured victory in one fight.

可紧接着，第三战，第四战，都是北岸自己人在争夺，虽也激烈，可那种天骄战已于南岸无关的感觉，让南岸苦涩沉默。
Next, the north bank again fought itself in the third and fourth battles. Although the fighting was intense, the fact that the south bank wasn’t involved at all ensured that the disciples that were from there simply looked on silently.

直至最后一战，当周心琪神色凝重的走出时，南岸的欢呼声才掀了起来，可包括南岸弟子，也都不看好这一战。
In the final battle, Zhou Xinqi walked out with a serious expression on her face. Although the south bank disciples cheered, they weren’t too optimistic about the outcome of the battle.

因为周心琪的对手 是北岸最恐怖的鬼牙，曾一指，几乎灭杀了吕天磊。
After all, Zhou Xinqi’s oppon ent was the terrifying Ghostfang, who had almost killed Lu Tianlei with the single wave of a finger.

“你与之前用雷的家伙，谁强？” 战台上，鬼牙望着周心琪，认真的问道。
After stepping out onto the arena floor, Ghostfang curiously asked, “Between you and that lightning guy, who’s stronger?”

“吕师兄略强一些。” 周心琪没有认为对方这是在羞辱自己，一样认真的回答。
Sensing that his intention was not to humiliate her, Zhou Xinqi answered honestly “Elder Brother Lu is a bit stronger.” “How about this” Ghost replied quietly.

“这样 我之前用了七成力，这次我用四成力好了，应该不会杀了你。”
“I used seventy percent power last time. This time, I’ll only use forty percent. You probably won’t get killed by that.”

鬼牙喃喃，声音传出时，四周听到之人，一个个都苦涩，他们相信鬼牙虽说的是真实，可这种真实，让人绝望。
Those who could hear him looked on with bitter smiles, convinced that Ghostfang was being honest.

周心琪深吸口气，双手立刻掐诀，顿时身体外有无数蓝光飞舞，竟在四周形成了无数的蓝绫，组成了一株蓝色的花朵，这花朵一出，顿时散发阵阵吸力！
Zhou Xinqi took a deep breath and then performed a double-handed incantation gesture. Instantly, countless blue sparks appeared around her, forming numerous blue flying silks. The flying silks then merged together into something that resembled a huge flower, that pulsed with a powerful gravitational force!

“百变草木决！”
“Plant Transformation Incantation!”

南岸众人，立刻有认出这术法的，纷纷精神一震，这百变草木决，虽不如鬼也行与水泽国度，可一样是十大秘术之一。
When the crowd from the south bank saw the Plant Transformation Incantation being used, their eyes glittered. Although it wasn’t quite on the same level as Ghosts Haunt the Night or the Waterswamp Kingdom, it was one of the ten secret magics of the sect.

讲究是以秘法，幻化出草木对敌，变化极多，很是诡异莫测，在李青候手中，甚至可以将方圆百里，变成虚幻的草木世界，到了最后，更可晋升为真正的秘术 草木皆兵！
It was a unique magic that used plants against the enemy, with numerous variations that made it enigmatic and unpredictable. When Li Qinghou used it, he could create a world of plants and vegetation 50 kilometers wide. The final upgraded version of the secret magic had another name Magic Plant Arsenal!

周心琪面色苍白，施展此法对她而言也是不小的消耗，她知道自己不是对手，可她的世界里，没有主动认输这四个字。
Using the magic was such a drain on Zhou Xinqi’s energy that her face went pale. She knew that she wasn’t a match for this oppon ent, but in her world, it wasn’t an option to just concede without trying.

挥手间，立刻这蓝色的花朵通体一震，竟无限的蔓延，直奔鬼牙，更是张开花朵，如要吞噬。
The wave of her hand caused the blue flower to tremble, and then grow larger at a rapid rate, simultaneously shooting toward Ghostfang. It almost looked like the flower was opening wide to consume him.

气势掀起，一看不俗，白小纯目光一凝，对于周心琪的这术法，也露出感兴趣之意，可就在这时，鬼牙抬头，神色平静，右手抬起，依旧是一指。
It was a spectacular sight that instantly attracted the attention of Bai Xiaochun, who found the magical technique particularly interesting. However, it was at this point that Ghostfang looked up calmly and then waved his finger.

不是指天，而是指向周心琪，紧接着，他右侧的虚无突然传出轰鸣，竟有一个巨大的黑色鬼爪，直接幻化出来，一拳轰去！
This time, he didn't wave his finger at the sky, but at Zhou Xinqi. The air next to him began to vibrate, and a huge black clawed ghost hand appeared, which quickly clenched into a fist!

这拳头极大，占据了半个战台，覆盖了所有人的目中大半个世界，一拳轰在这蓝色的花朵上，此花颤抖，瞬间崩溃成为飞灰，而那鬼爪没有丝毫停顿，势如破竹，出现在了周心琪的面前，直接落下。
The huge fist filled half of the arena floor, and was so big people couldn’t see anything else. It smashed into the blue flower, which trembled and then collapsed into ashes. The clawed ghost hand, however, didn't stop. It continued on as if nothing had happened, smashing directly into Zhou Xinqi.

巨响滔天，周心琪喷出鲜血，整个人猛地倒卷而去，飞出了战台，落地后不断退后，连续喷出七八口鲜血，这才站稳，面色苍白，抬头看了一下站台上此刻转身走向北岸的鬼牙，她的目中露出倔强。
A massive boom echoed out, and blood s prayed out of Zhou Xinqi’s mouth as she tumbled backward. She was knocked out of the arena floor, and when she finally ground to a halt, she coughed up eight mouthfuls of blood. Face pale, she looked up with a stubborn gleam in her eyes to see Ghostfang turning and walking away.

四周寂静，只有吸气声不断传出
Everything was silent except for the gasps that echoed out

第九十二章 公孙婉儿的绝望
0091 chapter-92 After a protracted moment of silence, both the south and north bank audiences broke out into hushed discussions.

“太 太强了！”
“S-so s o strong!”

“这鬼牙，怕是就连内门弟子，都可以直接碾压，真真正正的筑基下第一人！”
“Ghostfang could probably crush Inner Sect disciples with ease! He must be the strongest disciple under Foundation Establishment!”

“这种凝气战力的巅峰，一定是触摸到了念的境界，一定是这样，只有具备那神秘莫测的念，才可以拥有这种恐怖之力！”
“That’s the ultimate battle prowess of the Qi Condensation stage! He’s definitely reached the realm of will. Only by possessing a mysterious and unfathomable will can someone produce such terrifying power!”

南岸也好，北岸也罢，在短暂的寂静后，都传出低声的议论。
It was almost as if no one dared to speak in a loud voice. The north bank

仿佛没有人敢在这个时候大声开口，北岸的其他天骄一个个都复杂，任谁也不愿同一个时代里，有这样的强者出现，南岸这里，上官天佑沉默，他的心不平静，这鬼牙击败天骄的感觉，如同天骄去击败寻常弟子。
Chosen looked on with mixed emotions. After all, no one would be happy to have someone so powerful appear among their generation. On the south bank side, Shangguan Tianyou stood there silently, his heart anything but calm. Watching Ghostfang defeat the other Chosen was just like watching a Chosen defeat ordinary disciples.

很显然，鬼牙与天骄之间，根本就不在同一个层次。
It was more than clear that Ghostfang existed on a totally different plane than even the other Chosen.

白小纯也看的心惊肉跳，对方只出手两次，可每一次都震撼所有人。
Bai Xiaochun was left trembling. He had only seen Ghostfang make two attacks, and yet each one had been completely astonishing.

此刻前六已抉择出来，北岸四人，南岸二人，分别是上官天佑，白小纯，鬼牙，公孙兄妹以及徐嵩。
By this point, the top six had been selected. The north bank had four, and the south bank had two. They were Shangguan Tianyou, Bai Xiaochun, Ghostfang, the Gongsun siblings, and Xu Song.

对于天骄战有过了解的弟子，此刻都明白，接下来的第三轮，也将是最后一轮，这一轮里，前六的所有人都要分别与对手交战，根据胜利的次数，来抉择出前六的名次。
Those disciples who were familiar with the Chosen battles knew that the next round, round three, would be the final round. The matches to follow, and the resulting victories and defeats, would determine the final ranking of the top six disciples!

若能五场全胜，自然就是第一！
Anyone who could secure five victories would naturally take first place!

以往的千年，每一次都是北岸中出现这种横扫一切的弟子，取得桂冠，这一次，所有北岸的外门弟子都明白，鬼牙 就是这种人，而且明显比以往的那种横扫一切之人，还要强大太多太多。
During the past thousand years, the north bank had always swept the south bank and taken the top spots. Furthermore, the south bank disciples all knew that Ghostfang was exactly the type of person who could defeat everyone else. He was simply too pow erful.

南岸沉默，若没有鬼牙，他们觉得上官天佑还是有希望的，可如今看去，上官天佑很难去争夺第一。
The south bank audience sat there quietly. If Ghostfang weren’t in the picture, they might hold hope that Shangguan Tianyou could take first place.

“第二也好 ”南岸弟子纷纷感叹，也有不少目光落在白小纯身上，对于白小纯，他们每个人都说不出是什么感觉，甚至他们无论如何去想，都没有白小纯出手的印象，仿佛他从进入山门开始，就没怎么与人打斗过。
“Second place isn’t bad though” That was what many of the south bank disciples were thinking as they sat there sighing. Some of them looked over at Bai Xiaochun. Many had a hard time determining exactly what they thought of him, but regardless of the specifics, he hadn’t given any of them the impression that he was a fighter. In fact, he hadn’t fought anyone since joining the sect.

唯独的印象，是对方在落陈家族的追杀中活着回来，除此，就没了
The only thing they did know for certain was that he had come back alive after the Luochen Clan tried to chase him dow n and kill him

沉默中，不少人心底已放弃，他们知道，这一次的南岸，又输了，输了前十的总人数，也输了第一。
Many of the south bank disciples had already resigned themselves to the fact that the south bank had lost, both in terms of the number of disciples who made it into the top ten, and also the first place spot.

相比于南岸，这一刻北岸的外门弟子，一个个都振奋，目中露出期待，更有凶残，他们都盯着白小纯。
In contrast, the north bank disciples were getting excited. Their eyes shone with anticipation and ferocity as they glared at Bai Xiaochun.

“前六的规则应该不会改变，这一次，白小纯必定凄惨！”
“The rules for the top six probably haven’t changed. This time, Bai Xiaochun is definitely going to be hurting!”

“没错，按照规则，他要和所有人都战一次，也就是说 我北岸所在的四位骄阳，每一个都可以狠狠的蹂躏他一番，宣泄此人对我北岸造成的羞辱！”
“That’s right. According to the rules, everyone will fight once with all the other disciples. That means that four blazing suns from the north bank will all have a chance to pummel him. Finally, the humiliation our north bank has endured will be avenged!”

不但是北岸的寻常弟子这么想，徐嵩与公孙兄妹，一样冷笑，看向白小纯时，已志在必得。
It wasn't just the ordinary north bank disciples who were musing in such a way. Xu Song and the Gongsun siblings were all chuckling coldly as they stared at Bai Xiaochun, determined to come out victorious.

白小纯一缩头，心底感慨。
Bai Xiaochun shrunk back a bit.

“修仙是为了长生，干嘛打打杀杀 ”他很是无奈，看着全部怒视自己的北岸弟子，唏嘘摇头时，欧阳桀的声音，蓦然传出。
Looking over at the furious north bank disciples, he shook his head a bit helplessly. “Immortal cultivation is suppos ed to be about living forever. What's the point of all the fighting and killing?” It was at this point that Ouyang Jie’s voice finally rang out.

“第三轮天骄战，规则照旧，以胜利场次计算，第一场，上官天佑，徐嵩上台，鬼牙，公孙云其次，白小纯，公孙婉儿最后，同时展开！”
“The third round of the Chosen battles will follow the same rules as before. Victory will be given to whoever takes the most wins. The first set of matches will be Shangguan Tianyou versus Xu Song, Ghostfang versus Gongsun Yun, and Bai

话语回荡时，一道光从上方露台落下，直奔战台，刹那间就将这战台分成了三个区域，彼此有隔膜存在，封印开来。
Xiaochun versus Gongsun Wan’er. These fights will be carried out simultaneously!” With that, a beam of light descended from the balcony onto the arena floor, dividing it into three areas.

上官天佑双眼猛地露出精芒，身体瞬间冲出，刹那上了战台第一处区域，几乎在他出现的同时，北岸徐嵩一样飞出，二人目光对望，都看出了彼此的凝重。
Sealing barriers immediately sprang up to separate them. Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes flickered brightly as he dashed out into the first battle zone. At the same time, Xu Song also flew out. The two of them locked eyes, both of their expressions grave.


They wasted no time on words.

二人没有废话，目光在对望的瞬间，徐嵩挥手，立刻四周有凶兽怒吼传出，三尊凶兽出现，样子各异，但却都狰狞无比，直奔上官天佑的同时，在上官天佑的上空，瞬间出现了一个巨大的鲸鱼口，向着他蓦然吞来。
Xu Song waved his hand, and three fierce beasts materialized around him. Each one was unique, but they were all incredibly ferocious in appearance. Even as they began to charge Shangguan Tianyou, a huge crocodilian mouth appeared above him, which closed in to consume him.

更是在他的脚下，地面咔咔声中，一条条触须钻出，缠绕而来。
In addition to all that, the ground beneath his feet cracked as numerous tentacles burst out.

与此同时，鬼牙缓缓走出，一旁的公孙云沉默，眼中蛊虫似都在震动，他知道鬼牙的强悍，可他不愿认输，目中露出精芒。
Meanwhile, Ghostfang strode forward into the second battle zone. Off to the side, Gongsun Yun stood there quietly. Although the bugs which writhed in his eyes were powerful, he knew that he was no match for Ghostfang. Despite that, he wasn’t willing to simply concede.

“你就算再厉害，我也要一战！”
“Even if you were more powerful than you already are, I'd still want to fight you!”

他深吸口气，衣袍翻滚，与鬼牙一起上了战台第二处区域。
Taking a deep breath, he joined Ghostfang in the second battle zone.

公孙婉儿冷哼，也走了出来，瞪向白小纯。
Gongsun Wan’er snorted coldly as she stepped forward, glaring at Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯最不怕的就是这个，于是也狠狠的瞪了过去，二人就这样彼此瞪着，上了战台第三处区域。
Of all the disciples present, Bai Xiaochun feared her the least, so he tromped forward to the third battle zone, meeting her gaze with his own glare.

几乎在白小纯上台的刹那，北岸的外门弟子，立刻传出了吼声，不在去关注另外两个区域之战，而是全部看向白小纯这里，一个个目中带着愤怒。
As Bai Xiaochun walked out, the north bank disciples heckled him furiously. Completely ignoring the other two battle zones, their attention and fury was directed solely upon Bai Xiaochun.

“公孙师姐，灭了这该死的白小纯！”
“Elder Sister Gongsun, eradicate that damned Bai Xiaochun!”

“灭了他！”
“Kill him!”

阵阵吼声回荡时，公孙婉儿眼中寒芒一闪，没有召唤出她的七彩凤鸟，而是右手掐诀一指眉心，立刻她的身体竟出现了七彩之光，更有冰寒的寒气，瞬间扩散开来，使得地面都有了霜。
Gongsun Wan’er’s eyes flickered with cold light. Instead of summoning her seven-colored phoenix, she performed an incantation gesture and then tapped down on her forehead. Seven-colored light immediately sprang out from within her, accompanied by a frigid blast of cold air which covered the ground in frost.

“你认输吧，我一旦出手，自己都害怕。” 白小纯眨了眨眼，好心的开口。
“Why don’t you concede?” Bai Xiaochun said, blinking. “When I attack, I frighten even myself.”

他这句话一出口，公孙婉儿脑海里不由的出现了北寒烈的那一幕，顿时面色通红，起了煞气。
Almost immediately, an image poppe d up in Gongsun Wan’er’s mind of Beihan Lie’s tragic fate, and her face flushed. At the same time, a murderous aura rose up within her.

“闭嘴，你这登徒子，这一次定要让你付出代价！”
“Shut up, you perv. I'm gonna make you pay a heavy price for what you’ve done!”

她说着，右手蓦然一挥，一道冰刃瞬间出现，直奔白小纯。
With the wave of a hand, she summoned an ice blade which then shot toward Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯一脸无辜，他只不过是好心说了一句，也不知道怎么就成了登徒子，此刻叹了口气，右手一拍储物袋，立刻无数符咒出现，被他很是熟练的直接拍在了身上。
Bai Xiaochun shrugged helplessly. He had merely been telling the truth, and wasn’t sure why he’d been called a perv. Sighing, he slapped his bag of holding, causing countless talismans to appear, which he began to slap down all over his body .

轰轰之声瞬间出现，一道道防护之光，竟足有一丈多厚，五彩斑斓，更是惊人，这还没有结束，白小纯拿出了神鹤盾，立刻此盾光芒一闪，环绕白小纯四周，又多出了一道光。
Rumbling sounds could then be heard as numerous shields sprang up. Soon, they were nearly three meters thick, glittering with multicolored light. It was a shocking sight, and yet, Bai Xiaochun wasn’t finished yet. Next, he produced the Divine Crane Shield, which glittered brightly as it produced yet another shield layer.

还有他的手腕上，李青候送他的手镯，在这一刻也被激发，直接蔓延全身，使得他整个人看起来，已成黑色。
Then there was the bracelet Li Qinghou had given him. As soon as he activated it, it spread out to cover his entire body , turning him pitch black.

配合背后的大锅，这一刻的白小纯 让所有人都目瞪口呆。
Considering he was also wearing a big black wok on his back, Bai Xiaochun looked c ompletely eye-catching.

偏偏白小纯做出这些时，无比的快速与熟练，让人一眼就能看出，他是经常这么干
Furthermore, the speed and ease with which he activated all of his defenses made it obvi ous that he was very familiar with doing so

北岸所有弟子，全部睁大了眼，呆呆的看着那道冰刃，在碰到白小纯身上的防护之光后，层层削弱，到了最后，砰的一下崩溃。
The north bank disciples’ eyes widened, and they watched blankly as the ice blades slammed into Bai Xiaochun's shields, breaking some of them, but eventually shattering.

防护之光内的白小纯，毫发无损。
Bai Xiaochun remained inside, completely unharmed.

若仅仅如此也就罢了，所有的北岸弟子都愤怒的看到，光幕内的白小纯，居然背着手，抬起下巴，看着天空的云朵，一副高手的模样。
If that were all there were to it, it might not be a big deal, but what was most infuriating was that Bai Xiaochun merely stood there, hands clasped behind his back, chin sticking out, looking up at the clouds like a hero.

“太弱了，我从不与打不破我防护层的人交手。” 白小纯小袖一甩，继续背着手，淡淡开口。
“Too weak,” he said, flicking his sleeve and then placing his hands behind his back again. “But then again, I’ve never met anyone who could break through all of my shields.”

公孙婉儿眼珠子都快瞪出来，整个人都呆了一下，她与人斗法太多次了，不是没见过擅长防护的，可如眼前这白小纯一样防护的，这还是人生的头一遭。
Gongsun Wan’er’s eyes seemed to be on the verge of poppi ng out of her skull. She had fought many people in her life, but had never met anyone so adept in using defensive shields. Bai Xiaochun was the first.

她看着那至少有数十层的防护之光，看着里面的神鹤盾，看着白小纯身上的黑色之物，又看着他背后的大锅，甚至她还依稀看到了白小纯的身上，似乎还穿着好多件皮衣。
She could see that he had dozens of ordinary shields protecting him, plus the Divine Crane Shield, the black substance covering his skin, the huge wok on his back, and numerous leather jackets.

她觉得整个人都不好了，神情都恍惚了一下。
She was left feeling annoyed, uneasy, and even a bit taken aback.


The north bank audience wasn’t happy either.

“无耻！
“Completely shameless!

居然这么多防护符咒，还有防护法宝，该死的，这是天骄战啊，不是比谁有资源！”
I can’t believe he has so many defensive talismans and magical items. Dammit! These are the Chosen battles, not the resource battles!”

“公孙师姐一定要灭了他，我要炸了，我看到这白小纯，就想去揍他！”
“Elder Sister Gongsun has to wipe him out. I'm about to explode! Just looking at him makes me want to walk over and beat the crap out of him!”


The north bank audience was incensed, and the south bank audience simply looked on in a daze.


Of course, there were some disciples from Fragrant


Cloud Peak who sighed inwardly.

北岸怒吼的同时，南岸也都傻眼了，可里面香云山的一些弟子，此刻却心里感慨很多，尤其是里面有一个大汉，更是看到这一幕后，眼中有些泪花，他万分的理解北岸，因为他就是当年小比时，被白小纯的防护之光，生生折磨的脱力的那位。
That was especially true of one burly man. When he saw what was happening, tears welled up in his eyes. He knew exactly how the north bank disciples felt. Back in the minor competition years before, Bai Xiaochun had tormented him in exactly this same way.

就连露台上的掌门等人，也都无言了，面面相觑，纷纷苦笑。
Up on the balcony, the sect leader and the others almost couldn’t believe their eyes, and quickly began to exchange wry grins.

战台第三区域，公孙婉儿银牙一咬，双手掐诀，立刻她四周冰刃大量的出现，形成了漩涡，直奔白小纯而去，轰轰之声在这一刻滔天而起，那些冰刃极为锋利，一层层的轰开防护，可眼看轰开了不少，神鹤盾一闪之下，立刻就全部化解。
Gongsun Wan’er gritted her teeth and performed a double-handed incantation gesture. Immediately, a vast quantity of ice blades appeared, transforming into a vortex that shot toward Bai Xiaochun. Booms echoed out over and over again as the razor-sharp blades sliced into Bai Xiaochun’s shields. Although many of the shields were destroyed, the flickering Divine Crane


Shield eventually made short work of the ice blades.

“还是太弱。”
“Still too weak,” Bai Xiaochun said loftily.

白小纯傲然开口，他的心里都乐开花了，大有一种身为强者的自豪感。
Inwardly, happiness blossomed in his heart like a flower as he realized what it felt like to be a powerful expert.

这一幕让北岸众人更为怒吼，若非是不敢触犯门规，怕是所有人都有出手一起虐杀白小纯的冲动。
The north bank disciples were in a frenzy. If it weren’t for the fact that they didn’t dare to break sect rules, they would surely have charged over en masse to slaughter Bai Xiaochun.

公孙婉儿眼中煞气弥漫，咬牙再次出手，这一次，更多的冰刃出现，甚至她没有结束，始终维持术法，使得冰刃连绵不绝，直奔白小纯而来，气势惊人，很是恐怖，白小纯也心头一跳，他四周的防护在坚持了数息后，立刻崩溃，神鹤盾急速运转，眨眼就防护的严密，这才让白小纯心底松了口气，再次抬起下巴，刚要开口时。
Gongsun Wan’er’s eyes were bloods hot. Gritting her teeth, she continued to unleash attacks, using even more ice blades than before. The sheer number involved was shocking, to the point where even Bai Xiaochun’s heart began to tremble in fear. After some time passed, his shields finally gave out completely, whereupon he drew upon the full power of the Divine Crane


Shield.

公孙婉儿披头散发，发出一声尖叫，全身传出轰鸣，嘴角溢出鲜血，眉心的位置赫然出现了一个血色的冰花，四周天地之力，轰然涌来，气势非凡。
In the blink of an eye, his defenses were shored up, and he breathed a sigh of relief. He stuck his chin up, and just when he was about say something, the bedraggled Gongsun Wan’er let out a piercing scream. Rumbling sounds echoed out, and blood oozed out of the corners of her mouth. Astonishingly, a blood-colored ice flower appeared on her forehead, which caused the energy of heaven and earth to flow toward her in shocking fashion.

与此同时，北岸传出惊天动地的欢呼，不少人都振奋的狂吼。
As this happened, the north bank disciples began to cheer at the top of their lungs.

“是公孙师姐的血冰花！”
“It’s Elder Sister Gongsun’s Bloodfrost Orchid!”

“这血冰花是公孙师姐的杀手锏，就连凝气九层都无法阻挡，这白小纯防护再多，也都败定了！”
“The Bloodfrost Orchid is Elder Sister Gongsun’s trump card. Not even someone in the ninth level of Qi Condensation could block it. Bai Xiaochun’s defenses are definitely going to be broken through this time!”

这冰花急速飞出，竟散发出阵阵恐怖的气息，改变了四周的温度，瞬间直奔白小纯飞来，势如破竹，那些防护之光全部崩溃，神鹤盾刚要阻挡，这血色冰花居然分成了两份，一份被阻，一份却扭曲间，出现在了白小纯的面前，狠狠的印在他的胸口。
As the freezing flower flew out, radiating a terrifying aura, it caused the surrounding temperature to drop rapidly. It shot toward Bai Xiaochun at top speed, cutting through his defenses like a hot knife through butter. His shields shattered, and just when he was about to use the Divine Crane Shield, the Bloodfrost Orchid split into two parts.


One part was successfully blocked, but the other twisted past to slam violently into Bai Xiaochun’s chest.

砰的一声，白小纯诧异的低头，感觉好似被一个雪球打了一下，轻轻一抖，抬头时，看着披头散发，目瞪口呆的公孙婉儿。
A banging sound could be heard, and Bai Xiaochun looked down in surprise. To him, it felt like getting hit with a fluffy snowball. Shivering slightly, he looked up at Gongsun Wan’er, whose hair was by now completely disheveled.

“你慢慢打啊，我去看看比赛。”
“Take your time,” he said. “I’m going to watch some of the other matches.”

说着，白小纯转身，看向第一区域与第二区域的争斗，看的有滋有味，甚至还不时的高呼加油，那模样，怎么看，怎么欠揍
With that, he turned in the direction of the first and second battle zones, which he began to casually watch, even occasionally cheering for one side or the other. No matter your perspective, he looked like he was asking for a beating.

第九十三章 此丹对人也有用
0092 chapter-93

第二区域内，此刻鬼牙收回伸出的两根手指，对付其他人，他只需一指，可面前的公孙云，竟可以抵抗他的第一指。
In the second battle zone, Ghostfang was just on the verge of waving his finger through the air a second time. He could defeat most people with the single wave of a finger, but not Gongsun Yun.

此刻公孙云面色苍白，快速后退，苦涩的认输，抵抗第一指已是极限，他不能受伤太重，他即便是争不了第一，也要去争夺第二。
As for Gongsun Yun, he dashed backward at top speed and barked that he conceded. He had been able to stand up to one of Ghostfang's finger attacks, but any more, and he would suffer serious injuries. Knowing that he had no chance of taking first place, he decided that contending for second place would be the best thing to do.

向着鬼牙抱拳，公孙云走下战台，回头看了眼公孙婉儿的地方，他皱起眉头。
Clasping his hands to Ghostfang, he left the arena floor. As he did, he glanced over in the direction of Gongsun Wan’er, and frowned.

鬼牙神色平静，也离开了战台，同样在离开前，扫了眼白小纯那边，看到白小纯的那些防护后，他目中露出一抹异芒。
Ghostfang’s expression was placid as he left the arena floor and returned to where he had been standing all along. When he looked over at Bai Xiaochun and all of his defenses, a strange gleam appeared in his eyes.

站台外的岸南弟子全部低下了头 他们自己都觉得不好意思了，对于北岸，彻底的同情。
The audience members from the south bank were all looking down, averting their gazes from the scene playing out on the arena floor Embarrassed, they actually felt sorry for the north bank.

北岸弟子疯了
The north bank disciples were going crazy

公孙婉儿抓狂了，她尖叫中扑向白小纯，用了所有的方法，无数的神通术法轰去，可依旧无法破开白小纯的防护。
Gongsun Wan’er was frantic, screaming as she launched one attack after another at Bai Xiaochun, using every technique she could think of. She unleashed countless divine abilities and magical techniques, and yet, nothing could break Bai Xiaochun's defenses.

尤其是最后一道，那黑色的手镯化作的液体覆盖全身，这可是能阻挡一次筑基修士的保命之物，直至一炷香后，公孙婉儿喷出一口鲜血，整个人虚脱下来，她无神的望着白小纯，目中露出绝望。
After all, his final line of defense was the black bracelet, a life-saving magic that could protect him from a blow by a Foundation Establishment cultivator. After the time it takes an incense stick to burn, Gongsun Wan’er coughed up a mouthful of blood and collapsed onto the ground, staring at Bai Xiaochun with listless despair.

正要拼了去将凤鸟召唤出来，可白小纯瞄了她一眼，手中出现了一枚丹药，在手心里扔来扔去
She was about to summon her phoenix when Bai Xiaochun looked over at her and suddenly produced a medicinal pill, which he began to toss up and down in his palm

公孙婉儿愤愤，死死的握住拳头。
Furious, Gongsun Wan’er clenched her hands into fists.

“认输！” 她憋屈的开口，目中露出强烈的不服气。
“I concede!’ she said begrudgingly, eyes flickering with defiance.

“承让承让，还是你深明大义，没逼我出手！” 白小纯心底老开心了，可表面上却摆出高人的姿态，抱拳淡淡开口。
Clasping hands and looking as superior as possible, he said, “You let me win. It seems you know what's best, and didn’t force me to attack!”

这就话说出，南岸一个弟子眼泪都出来了，公孙婉儿更是气的浑身发抖，咬牙离去。
In response to his words, tears leaked out of the eyes of the south bank disciples. Gongsun Wan’er was so mad she was shaking. Gritting her teeth, she stalked off of the arena floor.

也正是在这个时候，上官天佑与徐嵩一战，也到了尾声，上官天佑一剑落下，有强光惊天，光芒消散后，徐嵩的身前，五尊兽全部萎靡，他自己也蹬蹬蹬的退后数步，看向上官天佑时，目中露出敬佩。
It was at this point that the battle between Shangguan Tianyou and Xu Song reached its conclusion. Shangguan Tianyou’s sword descended, and intense light shone out in all directions. Xu Song’s five beasts were all in bad shape, and he himself staggered backward several paces, looking at Shangguan Tianyou in admiration.

“剑灵之体，果然非凡！” 他嘴角溢出鲜血，缓缓开口后，转身走下战台。
“It turns out sword spirit bodies really are pretty incredible!” he said, blood oozing out of his mouth. Finally, he turned and walked off of the arena floor.

上官天佑沉默，目光落在鬼牙那里，有精芒一闪，他知道自己的对手，在这里，只有鬼牙！
Shangguan Tianyou didn't respond. Instead, he looked over at Ghostfang, his eyes glittering, completely convinced of who his only true oppon ent was!

“想必他也与我一样，觉得与其他人开战，很是无聊。”
“Presumably, he feels the same way I do," he thought, "that fighting against these other people is simply boring.”

上官天佑收回飞剑，目光扫了白小纯一眼，看到他身上的防护，目中露出轻蔑，走下战台，迎接他的，是南岸无数的欢呼。
Shangguan Tianyou retrieved his flying sword and looked over at Bai Xiaochun. When he saw all of his defenses, a gleam of scorn appeared in his eyes. Finally, he walked off of the arena floor, accompanied by the cheers of the south bank disciples.

在这欢呼中，白小纯也傲然的归来。
At the same time, Bai Xiaochun walked proudly back to his spot.

第三轮的第一场，六人交战，胜者鬼牙，上官天佑，白小纯，败者徐嵩，以及公孙兄妹。
The first set of matches of the third round was over. The victors were Ghostfang, Shangguan Tianyou, and Bai Xiaochun, with the losers being Xu Song and the Gongsun siblings.

相比于上官天佑与鬼牙的胜利，北岸没有太多关注，他们此刻已经被白小纯的几次三番的无耻，气疯了。
Of course, not many people had paid much attention to the victories won by Shangguan Tianyou and Ghostfang. Most people had been focused on Bai Xiaochun’s repeated shamelessness.

白小纯已经成功的 引领了这一场天骄战的节奏，甚至造成的影响之大，难以估算
Bai Xiaochun had succeeded in completely altering the atmosphere of the competition. In fact, it was hard to say exactly how much he had influenced the sect as a whole

北岸外门弟子一个个红着眼，握住拳头，死死的盯着白小纯，被数万人这么瞩目，白小纯很心虚的摸了摸鼻子，装作没看到。
The north bank disciples’ eyes were bright red, their hands clenched into fists as they glared at Bai Xiaochun. As tens of thousands of eyes stared at him, he scratched his nose, pretending not to notice.

公孙婉儿气的浑身发抖，身边兄长公孙云，低声劝说，这才咬牙打坐，恢复灵力，其他人也都抓紧时间让自己恢复。
Gongsun Wan’er was so angry she was shaking. Her brother, Gongsun Yun, murmured something to her, after which she clenched her teeth and sat down cross-legged to restore her energy. Everyone else soon followed suit.

三炷香的休息时间过后，第三轮的第二场，正式开始！
The rest period lasted for the time it takes three incense sticks to burn. After that, the second match of the third round formally began!

第一区域内，鬼牙的对手变成了公孙婉儿，公孙婉儿苦涩，望着面无表情的鬼牙，她没有出手，选择了认输，她不能再受伤了，否则的话之后的几场，她会极为不利。
In the first battle region, Ghostfang was up against Gongsun Wan’er. As soon as she stepped into the battle region and faced the expressionless Ghostfang, she conceded. She couldn’t afford to be injured, lest it affect her subsequent matches.

随着公孙婉儿的认输，鬼牙直接胜出。
With Gongsun Wan’er having conceded, Ghostfang took another victory.

与此同时，第二区域的斗法，正在轰鸣，上官天佑的对手是公孙云，这能在鬼牙手中抵抗第一指的公孙云，此刻袖子一挥，全身上下无数虫蛊飞出，铺天盖地，直奔上官天佑。
Meanwhile, in the second battle region, boom s echoed out as Shangguan Tianyou fought Gongsun Yun, who had managed to stand up to Ghostfang for one finger attack. Bugs poured out of Gongsun Yun’s sleeves, blotting out the sky as they rushed toward Shangguan Tianyou.

上官天佑神色微微凝重，右手抬起时，一把飞剑嗡鸣而出，剑气纵横。
Shangguan Tianyou’s expression turned slightly more somber as he waved his right hand, sending a flying sword buzzing out, bursting with sword qi.

这一战，本应该是万众瞩目，可如今 不管是南岸还是北岸，几乎所有人的目光都落在了第三区域内。
It should have been a battle that everyone watched closely. However audiences from both the south bank and the north bank were all staring at the third battle zone.

在那里，白小纯一脸傲然的上台，他的前方对战之人，是徐嵩！
That was where Bai Xiaochun had loftily taken the stage to fight against Xu Song!

徐嵩望着白小纯，嘴角露出冷笑。
Xu Song looked over at him with a cold smile.

“擅长丹药，擅长防护么，不过你这一次遇到了我，注定你会极为凄惨！”
“You might be good with medicinal pills and defenses. But now that you’ve met me, you’re doomed to meet a painful end!”

话语间，徐嵩右手抬起猛地一挥，立刻四周虚无传出咔咔之声，竟有三尊凶兽，凭空出现，这三头凶兽一个是身子足有一丈多高的巨大猩猩，还有一个则是一头猛虎，而最后一个 居然是背有翅膀的巨大蝙蝠。
With that, Xu Song waved his hand violently through the air, causing cracking sounds to ring out as three beasts appeared out of thin air. One of them was a three-meter-tall gorilla, another was a huge tiger, and the last was a gigantic bat.

这三尊凶兽刚一出现，凶焰滔天，气势惊人，每一个都赫然给人凝气九层的威压。
As soon as they appeared, they radiated powerful energy that would crush even someone in the ninth level of Qi Condensation.

“白小纯，看看你的防护，能否承受得住我这三尊战兽，不间断的轰击！”
“Alright, Bai Xiaochun, let’s see if your defenses can stand up to a sustained volley by my three battle beasts!”

徐嵩狞笑，正要出手。
Smiling viciously, he prepared to attack.

“你认输吧。”
“Why don’t you concede?”

白小纯叹了口气，右手抬起时，取出了发、情丹，同情的看向徐嵩。
Bai Xiaochun said. Sighing, he produced an Aphrodisiac Pill and looked sympathetically over at Xu Song. The north bank disciples were thrown into fits of rage.

“又是这句话！”
“He said it again!”

“灭了白小纯！”
“Eradicate Bai Xiaochun!”

在白小纯话语说出的瞬间，北岸弟子齐齐怒吼。


望着白小纯手中的丹药，徐嵩仰天大笑，神色露出轻蔑，更有强烈的得意。
When Xu Song saw the medicinal pill, he threw his head back and laughed uproariously.

“早就知道你会取出这无耻的丹药，不过你真的以为许某没有任何准备么，我这三尊战兽，是特意为你预留的，它们都是雌兽！”
Face filled with derision and even complacency, he said, “I knew all along that you would try to use that shameless medicinal pill. Did you really think I would come unprepared? I set these three battle beast aside just for you. They’re all female!”

徐嵩得意非凡，这才是他最大的把握，他有信心，这一次一定要为北岸出口气。
It was because of this that Xu Song was so confident, convinced that he would be able to give the north bank a chance to get revenge.

北岸弟子听到这番话，也都振奋起来，不断欢呼，为徐嵩喝彩。
When the north bank disciples heard his words, they instantly got excited, and began to cheer for Xu Song.

白小纯内心咯噔一声，眼珠在眼眶里飞快一转，神色如常，依旧是目中带着同情，淡淡的说了一句话。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart thumped, and his eyes turned up in thought. After a moment, he looked back at Xu Song, eyes filled with sympathy as he said,

“我这丹药，对兽有用，对人也有用。”
“This medicinal pill is effective on humans too, n ot just animals.”

白小纯吓唬的开口说完，看了徐嵩一眼，又瞄了瞄徐嵩身边的三尊雌兽。
With that, he looked meaningfully at Xu Song’s three female battle beasts.

他话语一出，北岸弟子瞬间一片死寂，每个人都呆了一下，随后脑海里不由自主的浮现一幕幕想象出的画面，那画面太凄美，以至于让所有人都倒吸口气。
His words sent the north bank disciples into complete silence. They stared in shock, subconsciously visualizing certain scenes in their mind, cruel scenes that caused them to gasp. Xu Song’s eyes went wide, and his mind filled with thunderous rumbling. His face drained of blood as he contemplated how both Beihan Lie and Gongsun


Wan’er had both lost.

徐嵩更是睁大了眼，脑海轰的一声，如有天雷轰击，他面色瞬间苍白，想起了北寒烈，想起了公孙婉儿，又想起了若白小纯说的是真的，那么自己一旦被丹药碰触发了情 他用力的咽下一口唾沫，下意识的看向身边的三尊战兽，整个人都发抖了，与此同时，这三尊战兽似有灵智，居然也看了看身旁的徐嵩，浑身发抖。
He suddenly realized that if what Bai Xiaochun said was true, and the medicinal pill’s aphrodisiac effects worked on people He swallowed nervously. Without even thinking about it, he edged away from his three battle beasts, trembling. In turn, the three battle beasts, intelligent as they were, looked over at Xu Song and also began to tremble.

徐嵩没有任何迟疑，瞬间就将三尊战兽收走，他不敢赌啊，哪怕他觉得白小纯所说九成是假，他也不敢去拿这种事去赌。
Without the slightest hesitation, Xu Song quickly put them away, not daring to bet that Bai Xiaochun was bluffing. Even though he had the feeling that Bai Xiaochun was most likely lying, he didn’t want to risk it.

就在徐嵩将那些战兽收起，心神震动的瞬间，白小纯向前一步走出，全身光芒闪耀，防护开启，整个人迈着大步，直接临近，右手抬起向前猛地一挥。
Even as the trembling Xu Song put away his battle beasts, Bai Xiaochun strode forward. Light flickered as his defenses went up, and as he closed in on Xu Song, he reached his right hand back and then waved it out in front of him. A blast of power surged out.

这一挥，一股大力扩散，徐嵩的强悍，在于他控制的兽多，此刻不敢取出战兽，实力一下子弱了大半，根本就无法抵抗，直接被白小纯卷起，鲜血喷出，蹬蹬蹬的后退，憋屈与愤怒交加，他发出一声凄厉的嘶吼，握拳认输。
Xu Song’s strength lay in his control of beasts, and at the moment, he didn’t dare to use even a single one. That cut his effective power in half, and made it impossible for him to stand up to Bai Xiaochun. He was instantly sent flying, blood spraying out of his mouth.

白小纯眨了眨眼，干咳一声，抱拳后，大摇大摆的离去，他的身后，很快传来无数的怒吼与抓狂。
When he staggered to a stop, rage and humiliation filled his eyes as he shrieked that he conceded. Bai Xiaochun blinked and then cleared his throat. Clasping hands and bowing, he strutted off the arena floor amidst the countless enraged curses from the north bank disciples.

“白小纯，你你你 ”
“Bai Xiaochun, y-y-you”

“那该死的丹药，必须被灭绝！”
“That damned medicinal pill ought to be destroyed!”

“天啊，谁去把这卑鄙的白小纯干掉，我出十个灵石！”
“Heavens! I’ll pay ten spirit stones to anyone who can take down Bai Xiaochun!”

“我出十五个灵石，干掉白小纯！”
“I’ll put in fifty spirit stones! Take him out!”

北岸疯了，无数人开口时，累计的灵石很快就上万之多，看的南岸众人一愣一愣的，纷纷对白小纯这里，敬佩的到了前无古人的程度。
The north bank was going crazy, and countless people began to shout out that they would add spirit stones as well. Soon the total was over 10,000. The shocked south bank disciples looked at Bai Xiaochun, their admiration for him growing by leaps and bounds.

这种公然的悬赏，让白小纯面色都变了，赶紧快走几步跳下战台，觉得背后凉飕飕的，尤其是当他看到这悬赏的灵石，居然都超过两万后，他的心颤了起来。
The huge bounty caused Bai Xiaochun’s face to flicker, and he hurried to escape the arena floor. It felt like a cold wind was blowing up his back, especially when the total bounty passed 20,000 spirit stones. His heart began to thump.

“你们不讲理啊，我白小纯每次出战，可都是先劝说对方认输的！” 白小纯着急了，又解释了一句。
“You people are so unreasonable!” he said loudly, hoping to explain. “Every single time I go out there, I always give them a chance to concede!”

这一解释，北岸众人更为发狂，直接将灵石追加到了三万的程度，天空上那只凤鸟，一脸幸灾乐祸，在半空中不断的叫唤，看的白小纯心底恨恨。
His explanation only further enraged the north bank disciples, and soon the spirit stone bounty reached 30,00 0. Up overhead, the phoenix reveled in Bai Xiaochun’s misfortune, and let out continuous piercing cries.

甚至上方露台上有不少长老，都露出感兴趣之意。
The elders on the balcony were getting more and more amused. “I'm a Prestige disciple!”


Bai Xiaochun cried threateningly.

“我是荣耀弟子，我是掌门师弟，谁敢悬赏我，我让我师尊把他逐出宗门！”
“I'm the Junior Brother of the sect leader. If anybody tries to put a bounty on me, I’ll have my Master kick them out of the sect!”

白小纯眼看如此，头皮发麻，扯着嗓子威胁道。 于是 北岸更疯狂了，不知是谁第一个没忍住，直接扔出一把飞剑，隔着战台飞来，于是无数的北岸弟子，几乎全部取出了法宝，身边的战兽更是嘶吼，仿佛要爆发。
Then the north bank disciples went even crazier. It was hard to say who lost control first, but a flying sword appeared and shot toward the arena floor. Countless north bank disciples all produced various magical items, and their battle beasts roared as if they were preparing to fight a bloody war.

吓的白小纯迅速后退，好在这个时候，露台上的那些宗门长辈，实在看不下去了，一道光芒落下，阻挡了北岸。
Bai Xiaochun fled in terror. Thankfully, the sect elders on the balcony couldn't let matters go any further. With a single glance, they held back the north bank disciples.

与此同时，上官天佑与公孙云的一战，也到了尾声，上官天佑出动了三把飞剑，公孙云用了浑身解数，最终黯淡的认输，结束了此战。
It was around this time that the battle between Shangguan Tianyou and Gongsun Yun ended. Shangguan Tianyou had used three flying swords, and Gongsun Yun had gone all out with everything he possessed.


In the end,


Gongsun Yun conceded, ending the fight.

上官天佑微微气喘，公孙云的强悍，让他也不得不认真起来，此刻走下战台时，目睹北岸的疯狂，他皱起眉头，看了白小纯一眼，目中露出轻蔑与不屑，甚至心底还多少有些嫉妒。
Shangguan Tianyou was slightly out of breath. Gongsun Yun had been strong enough that he had been forced to really start fighting hard. When he left the arena floor and noticed how enraged the north bank disciples were, he frowned and looked over at Bai Xiaochun. Although his eyes flickered with contempt, his heart twinged with jealousy.

“依靠一枚丹药与防护，居然和我一样走到了这一步，哼！”
“Relying only on medicinal pills and defenses? I can’t believe we’ve reached the same stage! Hmph!”

上官天佑转头闭目，盘膝吐纳。 第九十四章 白师叔，我们是自己人
With that, Shangguan Tianyou sat down cross-legged and closed his eyes to do br eathing exercises. 0093 chapter-94

“这场天骄战 唉。”
“The Chosen battles this time around ai.”

露台上，掌门郑远东无奈的摇头，他身边的各山峰掌教，一个个都苦笑起来。
Up on the balcony, Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong shook his head helplessly. The peak lords sitting around him smiled wryly.

他们也都明白，这场本应该严肃的天骄战，此刻已完全的变了味道 原本好好的，因为多了一个白小纯，直接就馊了。
The Chosen battles were suppos ed to be a solemn occasion, but not this time around, and everyone knew it Things had begun normally, but the simple addition of Bai Xiaochun into the mix turned everything sour.

“这白小纯 他的名字很好，可真的一点都不纯啊。”
“Bai Xiaochun his name sounds good, but he isn't the least bit pure in any sense of the word.”

周长老苦笑，看着下方躲在人群中的白小纯，又看了看北岸疯狂的无数弟子。
Elder Zhou chuckled wryly, looking down at Bai Xiaochun hiding in the crowd, and then over at the countless enraged north bank disciples.

“没关系，这白小纯既然如此顽劣，都成了北岸弟子中的公敌，那么以后找个机会把他扔到北岸去，想来可以消停不少。” 说话的，是北岸鸢尾峰的掌座，这是一个老妪，皮笑肉不笑的开口。
It was at this point that the peak lord from Irispetal Peak, the old woman, smiled darkly and said, “It's fine. Bai Xiaochun might be naughty and mischievous, but he’s made himself the archenemy of the entire north bank. We just need to find an oppor tunity to transfer him to the north bank, that would calm him dow n quite a bit.”

众人神色都一动，若有所思时，唯独李青候目中有同情之意扫了眼鸢尾峰的掌座，他太了解白小纯了，他可以很确定，若将白小纯扔到北岸，那么估计倒霉的绝对不是白小纯
The eyes of the others present flickered thoughtfully. The only one who reacted differently was Li Qinghou, who looked over at the old woman sympathetically. Based on how well he knew Bai Xiaochun, he was fairly certain that if Bai Xiaochun was transferred to the north bank, the unlucky party wouldn’t be him

就在这众人都若有所思时，第三轮的第三场斗法，开始了。
As the group continued to pon der the situation, the third match began.

鬼牙对战徐嵩，上官天佑对战公孙婉儿，这两场战，根本就没有什么看头，以鬼牙与上官天佑之前表现出的强悍，可以轻松获胜。
Ghostfang fought Xu Song, and Shangguan Tianyou took on Gongsun Wan’er, but neither battle was even worth watching. Both Ghostfang and Shangguan Tianyou were so strong that they won easily.

南北两岸的所有弟子，甚至包括露台的掌门等人，全部都将目光放在第三区域内，看到了公孙云第一个上前，全身气势崛起，充满冷冽之意，遥望摆出高手姿态，走上台来的白小纯。
The disciples of both banks, as well as the sect leader and the others, were all watching the third battle zone. Gongsun Yun was the first to enter the area, pulsing with energy and icy coldness. Moments later, Bai Xiaochun strolled up, looking like a pow erful hero.

这一次北岸不怒吼了，可一个个要杀人的眼神，凝聚数万杀气落在白小纯的身上，让白小纯心惊肉跳。
Instead of yelling in rage, the north bank disciples glared murderously. To have so many eyes glaring at him like that left Bai Xiaochun more than a little jumpy.

“你认输吧。” 白小纯深吸口气，望着公孙云，手中握着发情丹，赶紧开口。
Taking a deep breath, he looked over at Gongsun Yun. Aphrodisiac Pill in hand, he said, “Why don’t you concede?”

公孙云冷冷的望着白小纯，目中露出厌恶，大袖一甩，立刻从他的袖口内，瞬间就飞出了无数的黑色甲虫，甚至自从他的衣服内，顺着身体，还有大量的红色蜈蚣爬出，眨眼就覆盖在了他四周的地面上。
Gongsun Yun looked coldly back at him, eyes shining with hatred. Waving his sleeve, he sent countless black beetles flying out from within his clothes. There were also red centipedes that scurried across the ground at top speed.

那些虫蛊密密麻麻，足以让人触目惊心。
The sight of so many bugs was completely shocking.


Voice cool, Gongsun Yun gave Bai Xiaochun no chance to say anything further.

“我的这些虫蛊，虽也有雌雄之分，但却不是兽，你的丹药对它们无用。”
“My bugs might be classified as male and female, but they’re not beasts. Your medicinal pill won’t work on them.”

公孙云平静开口时，不给白小纯继续说话的机会，心念一动，立刻四周虫蛊发出刺耳鸣叫，瞬间冲出，如一片虫海，直奔白小纯。 那些蜈蚣在地面急速临近，而那些黑色的甲虫，竟全部飞起，铺天盖地，冲向白小纯。
The bugs caused an ear-splitting droning sound to fill the air. They were like a sea, surging directly toward Bai Xiaochun.

这种虫海，其内每一个虫蛊都具备一定的攻击力，防护之光虽可抵御一下，可也最怕这种密集的攻击，甚至白小纯可以想象，他的防护，在面对公孙云时，根本就没有多少优势。
Every bug that made up the sea possessed a certain level of attack power. Although defensive shields could resist them, when their power was combined, they would be quite formidable. Bai Xiaochun was even fairly certain that in this situation, Gongsun Yun actually had a bit of an advantage.

“公孙云，你别逼我，赶紧认输吧，我真的不想继续出手啊，我一出手，你 你就废了！”
“Don’t force my hand, Gongsun Yun,” Bai Xiaochun shouted, backing up at top speed, his face paling. “Concede immediately. I really don’t want to attack, you know. Once I do y ou’re done for!”

白小纯面色苍白，急速后退，连忙高呼。
Gongsun Yun chuckled coldly.

“那就看看，是你的血肉先被吞噬干净，还是我先如你所说的废了。”
“Let’s see which happens first, your flesh getting eaten off your bones, or me being done for.”

公孙云冷笑，目中轻蔑更多，挥手时，那些虫海更多的从他的身上涌现出来。
Looking even more scornful than before, he waved his hand, sending even more bugs surging forth.

这一幕，让南岸众人都看的头皮发麻，望向公孙云时，一个个都心底骇然，对于公孙的强悍，有了深刻的了解，此人不但擅长虫蛊，术法也一样惊人，可以抵抗鬼牙一指，甚至上官天佑战他，也都需用出三剑，且消耗不少。
The crowd from the south bank looked on in fear and astonishment. Everyone watching had already been convinced of how powerful Gongsun Yun was. Not only was he adept at using bugs, he also had powerful magical techniques. He was able to defend against one of Ghostfang’s finger attacks, and even forced Shangguan Tianyou to attack three times with his sword, tiring him out significantly.

北岸众人眼看如此，一个个顿时振奋，全部激动起来。
The north bank audience looked on, their excitement building.

“公孙师兄好样的，干掉白小纯！”
“Nice job, E lder Brother Gongsun! Take Bai Xiaochun dow n!”

“哈哈，白小纯，这一次看你如何抵抗，等着吧，那些虫子会很快钻入你的体内，吞噬你的血肉！”
“Hahaha! Let’s see how you fight back this time, Bai Xiaochun! You just wait! Those bugs are going to burrow into your flesh and eat you alive!”

“白小纯，你也有今天！”
“Your comeuppance is at hand, Bai Xiaochun!”

无数北岸弟子激昂，他们身边的无数战兽，似也感受到了主人的兴奋，纷纷在一旁嘶吼起来。
The countless north bank disciples were extremely excited. Furthermore, their battle beasts could sense their masters’ excitement, and began to howl in response.

眨眼间，那些黑甲虫就扑到了白小纯的面前，覆盖在了防护之光上，不断地撕咬时，防护之光肉眼可见的急速黯淡。
In the blink of an eye, the black beetles were right in front of Bai Xiaochun, slamming into his defensive shields, ripping and tearing at them with their mandibles.

那些红色的蜈蚣，也随之而来，从地面竟跳起，使得防护之光黯淡更快，甚至这些蜈蚣诡异，居然有不少正快速的钻入一层层光幕里。
The shields quickly began to fade and grow dim. Then the red centipedes arrived, causing his defenses to weaken even more quickly. Some of them even managed to gnaw their way past the shields.

白小纯头皮发麻，眼睛都红了，他大吼一声。
Bai Xiaochun’s scalp tingled with fright, and his eyes went bloods hot.

“公孙云，这是你逼我的！”
“Gongsun Yun, you’re forcing my hand!”

白小纯也是无奈，他本不想发动杀手锏，可如今没办法，只能叹了口气，心底无辜的一跃而起，全身防护之光猛地震动，将不少覆盖在上面的虫蛊震开，在它们又要冲来时，他右手拿着发情丹，向着北岸弟子所在的方向，猛地扔出。
Bai Xiaochun was reaching the point of having no choice but to use his trump card, something he’d hoped to avoid. Taking a deep breath, heart pounding, he sent a surge of energy into the shields, blasting away a significant portion of the bugs. Even as they turned to charge back toward him, an Aphrodisiac Pill appeared in his hand, which he threw in the direction of the north bank audience.

嗖的一声，这丹药速度极快，在众人还没等反应过来时，就到了北岸弟子的半空中，那些弟子一个个愣住，抬头的同时，耳边传来白小纯的一声低吼。
The pill shot through the air with a whooshing sound, and before anyone could react, was in the air above the stands on the north side of the arena. The disciples gaped in shock, and at the same time, Bai Xiaochun shouted,

“爆！”
“Detonate!”

轰的一声，那枚发情丹，瞬间崩溃爆开，化作了无数飞灰，向着四周扩散开来，直接就将小半区域的北岸弟子笼罩。
A boom rang out as the Aphrodisiac Pill exploded, transforming into ash which drifted down in all directions, covering nearly half of the north bank disciples.

公孙云猛地睁大了眼，露出吃惊。
Gongsun Yun’s eyes went wide with shock.

此丹对人有没有作用，白小纯是真的不知道，他炼制的怪丹太多，自己一个都不敢尝试，不过他很清楚这发情丹对于凶兽而言，刺激是多么的强烈。
Bai Xiaochun actually wasn’t sure whether or not the pill would have an effect on humans, he had never dared to personally test out any of the mystery pills he'd concocted. However, he was certain that the pill was effective on animals, and would stimulate them to a shocking degree.

眨眼间，被发情丹笼罩的那片区域，所有的战兽，一个个都发狂的仰天嘶吼，身体膨胀起来，眼珠子全部通红，粗重的呼吸，立刻让它们的主人发出惊呼，急速的后退。
In the blink of an eye, the ash that was the remains of the Aphrodisiac Pill had fallen down onto the battle beasts below, which began to throw their heads back and howl. Their bodies grew larger, their eyes turned red, and they began to pant heavily. In turn, their masters cried out in alarm and began to back up.

哗的一下，这片区域内所有北岸弟子，一个个疯了一样的退后，很快就使得这片区域没有人了，只有一尊尊在那里嘶吼，四下乱看似寻找目标的凶兽，看的所有北岸弟子哗然，数万人顿时散乱一片。
It took only a moment for the north bank disciples to devolve into a stampede, quickly clearing the entire area of people. The only thing that remained were the howling beasts, sitting there looking around for a target. The north bank disciples all began to shriek at the tops of their lungs.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!”

北岸弟子，几乎全部都发出尖锐之音，惊天动地时，公孙云的额头出汗了，他的体质，在修行了虫蛊后，就从来没出过汗。
At the same time, beads of sweat poppe d out on Gongsun Yun’s forehead, which was shocking considering that after beginning to cultivate the Dao of bugs, he had never sweat.

可眼下，他呼吸急促，看着白小纯在不远处手中又拿出了一枚丹药，而且明显的，那些凶兽一个个在这丹药出现后，立刻就躁动起来，这立刻就让公孙云想到了北寒烈身上碎开的丹药。
Now, though, he was panting heavily as Bai Xiaochun slowly pulled out another medicinal pill. As soon as he did, the stimulated battle beasts began to tremble in excitement. Gongsun Yun couldn’t help but think about what had occurred when a pill just like that had been shattered and then spread onto Beihan Lie.

“你 ”
“You”

一股强烈的不妙之感，顿时浮现公孙云的心头，他的心在颤抖，脑海里浮现了无数的画面，此刻急速后退，甚至双腿都抖了起来，他可以想象，一旦白小纯把丹药扔到自己这里，那么下一瞬 自己将会被众多战兽直接扑上来。
An intense feeling of foreboding rose up in his heart, and he began to tremble. Images flashed through his mind, and he began to back up. Even his legs were shaking. He could well imagine what would happen if Bai

“这是你逼我的，我也不想啊。” 白小纯哭丧着脸，唉声叹气，正要扔出手中的丹药。
Xiaochun crushed that pill on him and then the battle beasts pounced. “You forced my hand,” Bai Xiaochun said with a despairing scowl.

“我认输！”
“I didn’t want to do this.”

公孙云发出这一辈子，从来没有过的尖声，他的面色煞白，身体猛地后退，近乎落荒而逃，赶紧冲到了人群内，似乎受惊过度，在看向白小纯时，已带着前所未有的恐惧。
With that, he pulled his hand back in preparation to throw the pill. “I concede!” shrieked Gongsun Yun in the most high-pitched voice that had left his mouth in his entire life. His face was ashen as he raced off of the arena floor. Only when he was safe amongst the crowd did he look back in fright at Bai Xiaochun.

“啊？”
“Uhhh” Bai Xiaochun’s jaw dropped at the sight of the terrified Gongsun

白小纯一怔，看了眼此刻已经是失魂落魄般，躲在人群内的公孙云，又看了看那些暴躁的战兽，他觉得有些不妙了。
Yun hiding in the crowd. Then he looked at the trembling battle beasts, and suddenly had a very bad feeling.

尤其是那些战兽，此刻有那么几只大吼，死死的盯着白小纯手中的丹药，已经开始靠前了，白小纯的额头也出了汗，他赶紧目光落向北岸弟子所在的地方。
Many of them were howling at the tops of their lungs, eyes fixed directly on the medicinal pill he held in his hand. They were already started to edge toward him. Drops of sweat broke out on his forehead, and he suddenly turned to look at the crowd of north bank disciples.

哗的一下，他看去的地方，那些北岸弟子一个个心惊肉跳，都不敢出口去怒吼白小纯了，瞬间就四散开来。
That simple turn of his head caused the north bank disciples’ hearts to seize with fear.

白小纯着急啊，又看向其他地方，结果但凡是他目光扫过的区域，瞬间所有人都散开，阵阵杂乱连爬带滚，还有拥挤的惨叫，络绎不绝。
Bai Xiaochun turned to look in another direction, but quickly found that any place he looked at would quickly become devoid of people. Everyone would scramble away at top speed, screaming in desperation.

到了最后，白小纯着急的回头看了眼南岸的弟子。
Finally, his gaze came to rest on the south bank disciples.

瞬间 南岸所有人都头皮发麻，齐齐后退，眨眼的功夫，就全部退后了数十丈。
Instantly their scalps went numb, and they began to back up. In the blink of an eye, everyone had retreated by thirty meters.

“白师叔，我们是自己人！ 自己人啊！” 还有不少急忙高呼。
“We’re on the same side, Sect Uncle Bai!” people began to cry out. “The same side!”

就连鬼牙与上官天佑，此刻也都面色大变，急速后退。
Even Ghostfang and Shangguan Tianyou were backing up, their faces flickering with shock.

吼！
ROAR!

那些暴躁的战兽，此刻又有不少靠前，一个个眼珠子赤红，看的白小纯额头汗水更多。
More of the stimulated battle beasts began to walk forward, their eyes crimson, salivating as they eyed Bai Xiaochun.

“怎么办，怎么办，我都说了让你们认输，我一旦出手自己都害怕！”
“What do I do?” he thought. “What do I do? Didn’t I warn you people to concede? Didn’t I say that I fear my own attacks?”

白小纯很是无辜，咬牙看向北岸。
Feeling that he was completely innocent in the matter, he gritted his teeth and looked over at the north bank audience.

“你们谁方才说要悬赏我！”
“Didn’t you people just say something about putting a bounty on my head?”

北岸众人瞬间低头，没一个敢与白小纯对望的，一个个心都在颤了。
None of the trembling north bank disciples dared to even look Bai Xiaochun in the eye. Bai Xiaochun’s heart was also trembling.

白小纯心也颤了，他觉得自己是一个善良的人，不能随意扔掉手里的丹药，正发愁时，眼看那些战兽一个个都越发暴躁，白小纯忽然余光看到了天空上，还在得意，趾高气昂的那只周长老的凤鸟。
In his heart, he believed himself to be a good pe rson, and wasn’t willing to simply throw the pill out in a random direction. Anxiety building up within him, he looked at the increasingly stimulated battle beasts, and then finally happened to glance up into the sky above him and notice the proud, arrogant phoenix of Elder Zhou's.

双眼一亮，白小纯来不及多想，直接将手中的丹药，向着那凤鸟急速的扔了过去，丹药化作一道长虹，直奔周长老的凤鸟而去。
Eyes shining, and having no time to consider the matter, he launched the medicinal pill at top speed toward the phoenix, it transformed into a beam of light shooting through the air. The phoenix was in the middle of gloating over Bai Xiaochun’s misfortune, and didn’t even notice the pill flying toward him at first.

这凤鸟正在幸灾乐祸，没留意丹药飞来，当它察觉的时候，全身羽毛都炸起来了，发出凄厉的惨叫，正要闪避，砰的一声，丹药爆开，无数粉末沾了一身。
When he did, his feathers all stood on end, and he let out a miserable shriek. Just when he was about to dodg e, the pill exploded, covering him with a fine pow der.

凤鸟呆了一下，紧接着，下方那些战兽，一个个发狂的嘶吼，全部以火辣辣的眼神，似要扑上天空，去追凤鸟。
The phoenix stared in shock as the battle beasts below began to howl. Eyes burning as if with fire, they began to leap up into the air as if to chase down the phoenix.

就连露台上的掌门等人，也都倒吸口气，全部站起到了边缘，目瞪口呆的看去。
The sect leader and the others gasped, crowding around the edge of the balcony to look dow n at what was happening.

“这个对旁观出手 违反规定了吧？”
At one point, one of the random elders asked, “Is attacking the audience against the rules?”

不知哪个长老下意识的开口，可却发现其他人一个个都没注意这里，尤其是北岸此刻还剩下的三个掌座，竟一个个都目露奇芒，他们所看，是那片空出的区域里，众多战兽中的其中一个！
However, nobody seemed to care about that at the moment. All of them were staring down into the north stands, at the area devoid of people but filled with battle beasts. The remaining three peak lords from the north bank all had strange looks in their eyes as they stared at one particular beast among the crowd.

那是一个鹿模样的战兽，此兽如今也在嘶吼，明显的有了发情之意，此刻正向天空的凤鸟咆哮。
It looked like a deer, and was currently howling up into the air under the effects of the Aphrodisiac Pill.

“这丹药之前我还以为就算有些效果，也只能影响三阶血脉 没想到，竟连二阶血脉都可以有效！”
“Before, I assumed that pill’s effectiveness was limited to beasts with third order bloodlines I never imagined that it would also be effective on second order bloodlines!”

“此丹 这么来看，对我北岸而言，将是大用！”
“That pill would be incredibly useful to us on the north bank!”

北岸三个掌座全部身体一震，目中露出激动，那老妪更是右手抬起，向着凤鸟一指。
The three peak lords from the north bank were trembling in excitement. The old woman among their number then waved her right finger through the air toward the phoenix.

刹那间，凤鸟身体颤抖，被一股大力笼罩，直奔高台时，被老妪一把按在了身前，与此同时，下方那些战兽一个个嘶吼，竟有一些飞起，直奔露台。
Instantly, the phoenix trembled as a powerful force wrapped around it and dragged it down toward the balcony. At the same time, the battle beasts roared and flew in the same direction.

老妪冷哼，一个目光落下，那些凶兽哀嚎一声，被一股大力横扫，竟一个不留，全部被卷起，一个个身体缩小，转眼收入老妪的袖口内。
The old woman snorted coldly and looked down at the beasts, which then began to howl mournfully. Another powerful force swept them up, sending them spinning toward her. As they approached, they shrank down and disappeared into her sleeve.

老妪望着一脸凄惨，可却不敢吼叫的凤鸟，仔细的看了后，目中露出惊喜，与其他几个掌座立刻沟通起来。
The old woman looked over at the miserable, shrieking phoenix, eyes shining as she turned to confer with the other peak lords.

一旁的周长老，脸色都青了
Off to the side, Elder Zhou’s face had turned green

白小纯眼看没事了，心底也松了口气，正要退后时，忽然的，北岸那些弟子被胁迫的压抑之后，爆发出了比方才要强烈无数倍的怒吼。
Bai Xiaochun seemed no worse for the wear. Heaving a sigh of relief, he was just about to walk off the arena floor when the north banks disciples recovered from the fear of the threat which had been levied against them, and began to roar in anger.

“白小纯，我要杀了你！”
“I'm gonna kill you, Bai Xiaochun!”

“白小纯，我们北岸与你势不两立！”
“Bai Xiaochun, the north bank will never rest until you’re dead!”

“天杀的白小纯！”
“Exterminate Bai Xiaochun!”

北岸无数人额头青筋鼓起，纷纷怒吼时，白小纯转身，右手抬起，拿出了一枚寻常的丹药，高高举起，抬起下巴。
The north bank disciples had veins bulging out on their necks and faces as they howled in fury. In response, Bai Xiaochun turned back to look at them, and raised an ordinary medicinal pill up into the air as he stuck his jaw out.

瞬间 北岸所有弟子全部一颤，立刻收声。
Instantly the entire crowd trembled and went completely silent.

白小纯小袖一甩，嘿嘿一笑，将丹药扔在了口气，快速下了台，紧接着，他的身后 北岸的愤怒之声，惊天动地。
Bai Xiaochun waved his sleeve and chuckled darkly. Popping the medicinal pill into his mouth, he left the arena floor Behind him, the north bank disciples erupted in rage yet again.

第九十五章 剑，不是这么用的！
0094 chapter-95 The disciples of the south bank looked at Bai Xiaochun in admiration, and even began to give voice to their feelings.

“白师叔 真乃神人！”
“Sect Uncle Bai is a god!”

“白师叔这是要在北岸公敌这条不归路上，走到底的节奏 ”南岸众人，一个个看向白小纯时，全部都露出敬佩之意，他们是发自肺腑的服气了。
“Sect Uncle Bai has become the archenemy of the north bank, a path that cannot be returned from. But how far will he go?”

甚至不少人都在庆幸，如白小纯这样的祸害，好在不是北岸的人，否则的话，他们无法想象这一次南岸会受到多么大的创伤。
Many of them were even rejoicing at the fact that Bai Xiaochun wasn’t from the north bank. If he were, it was impossible to imagine how much the south bank would have suffered.

“我们南岸，出一个白师叔就可以了，他一个人，就可以让整个北岸疯狂。”
“Sect Uncle Bai is enough for our south bank. He alone can drive the north bank crazy.”

许宝财这一天，已经多次傻眼了，可他此刻还是发现，这白小纯的强悍 永远没有尽头。
Xu Baocai had already been struck speechless numerous times on this day, but it was only now that he realized that Bai Xiaochun’s power seemed limitless.

可不管如何，这天骄战哪怕变了味，也还是要进行下去，就在这南岸敬佩，北岸疯狂时，第三轮的第四场，开始了。
Regardless, the atmosphere of the Chosen battles had been completely changed. And yet, the matches would continue. The south bank side was filled with admiration, and the north bank stewed in their madness as the fourth set of matches began.

上官天佑、鬼牙以及白小纯，三人都是连胜三场，这一次不需要他们上台，要进行的是总排名四五六的争夺。
Shangguan Tianyou, Ghostfang, and Bai Xiaochun all had three victories to their names, so their presence wasn’t even needed to finish the final rankings for the fourth, fifth, and sixth place spots.

公孙兄妹与徐嵩之间，很快的就在这战台上，陆续的展开了对决，最终公孙云胜了公孙婉儿，又将徐嵩击败，已不需要继续比试，首先出局，列在了总排名的第四位。
The Gongsun siblings and Xu Song took the floor to finish things. In the end, Gongsun Yun defeated Gongsun Wan’er, as well as Xu Song. No more battles were necessary to determine the rankings.

徐嵩尽管不如公孙云，但却与公孙婉儿一战中胜出，总算是胜了一场，一样出局，列在了总排名的第五位。
Xu Song was not a match for Gongsun Yun, and even if he fought Gongsun Wan’er and lost, that one battle wouldn’t change the final rankings.


As such,

至于公孙婉儿，五场全部失败，黯淡之下，成为了总排名的第六位。
Xu Song took fifth place. With five defeats, Gongsun Wan’er lost a bit of glory and took sixth place. Fourth place went to Gongsun Yun.

紧接着要进行的，就是这一次天骄战的前三排列！
Next to be determined were the final rankings for the top three disciples!

白小纯，上官天佑，鬼牙三人的排名，到底会是如何，南北两岸的弟子，纷纷关注。
Everyone was watching with keen anticipation to see how Bai Xiaochun, Shangguan Tianyou and Ghostfang would end up in the final standings.

只是每次北岸众人看到白小纯，都会怒火中烧，对于鬼牙与上官天佑，他们的确认可，但白小纯这里，他的无耻，他的卑鄙，一样也被北岸认可了。
Of course, the north bank disciples glared angrily at Bai Xiaochun the entire time. They approved of Ghostfang and Shangguan Tianyou, but their opinion of Bai Xiaochun was that he was completely shameless and despicable.

此刻所有北岸的希望，都放在了鬼牙那里，在他们看来，白小纯就算是再有什么阴谋手段，面对绝对的力量，也都将被摧枯拉朽。
The north bank’s hopes all rested on Ghostfang. As far as they were concerned, it wouldn’t matter what plots Bai Xiaochun hatched, he was no match for Ghostfang in terms of power, and would be crushed like a twig.

“第一站，白小纯，上官天佑！”
“First battle. Bai Xiaochun versus Shangguan Tianyou!”

欧阳桀的声音，似乎也因白小纯的出现，失去了阴冷，带着一丝感慨。
Apparently due to Bai Xiaochun’s antics, Ouyang Jie’s voice was no longer as cold and sinister as it had been, and in fact, it almost seemed like he was sighing.

上官天佑猛地抬头，眼中有厉色一闪，当初资格赛时，被白小纯超越的一幕浮现脑海，他的目中露出凌芒，迈步走上战台，有山风吹来，掀起他的长发，使得这一刻的上官天佑，看起来俊朗非凡，如同一把宝剑，让无数弟子目中露出神采。
Shangguan Tianyou looked up, a powerful gleam in his eye as he thought about how he’d been outdone by Bai Xiaochun in the qualifying round. As he walked out onto the arena floor, the breeze lifted his hair, making him look even more handsome than usual, like a precious sword that would cause countless disciples’ eyes to glitter. Of course, none of the south bank disciples dared to cheer. After all, Bai

不过南岸众人，却不敢喝彩，毕竟白小纯也是南岸，况且白小纯的手段太多，他们担心喝彩的话，会被白小纯记住，一个个只能忍住。
Xiaochun was also from the south bank, and had many tricks up his sleeve. They feared that if they cheered for his oppon ent, he would remember, and hold it against them. Therefore, they had no choice but to bite their tongues. The north bank, on the other hand, actually did start to cheer for Shangguan

反倒是北岸，此刻居然为上官天佑欢呼，这欢呼声让上官天佑心里别扭，他知道北岸不是因为自己，而是因为白小纯才对自己发出欢呼，也就是说，就算与白小纯对战的是一头猪，北岸也会为这头猪喝彩，这么一想，上官天佑心底对白小纯，更为不悦。
Tianyou. In response, Shangguan Tianyou frowned, aware that they weren't really cheering for him, but against Bai Xiaochun. The north bank would cheer for any oppon ent of Bai Xiaochun’s, even if it were a pig. The thought left Shangguan Tianyou even more displeased than before.

白小纯干咳一声，走上了战台，看着上官天佑，他小袖一甩，一脸笑容。
Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat and walked out onto the arena floor. Looking over at Shangguan Tianyou, he flicked his sleeve and smiled.


“Listen, there’s no need for all this.

“罢了罢了，我们都是 ”他还没等说完，上官天佑目中寒芒炸出，右手抬起一指，立刻他的身边一把飞剑发出尖锐的破空之声，瞬间飞出，如一道闪电轰的一声，直接出现在了白小纯的身前，一路势如破竹，速度太快，刹那距离白小纯不到七尺！
We're both” Before he could finish speaking, however, Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes blazed, and he waved his finger. Instantly, his flying sword pierced through the air as fast as a bolt of lightning. It moved so quickly that before Bai Xiaochun could even react, it was right there, a few inches in front of his face!

白小纯双目瞬间收缩，危机关头身体猛地下蹲，一道剑风从他头顶呼啸而过，甚至有一缕头发都被斩断，从白小纯的面前飘落。
Pupils constricting, mind bursting with a sensation of imminent crisis, he ducked down. A blast of wind from the sword buffeted him from above , and one of his hairs was severed, which then floated dow n in front of him.


“When cultivators fight, we seize every oppor tunity,” Shangguan Tianyou said coolly.

“修士斗法，只争朝夕，这一剑你就算不躲，也不会要你的性命，你性格顽劣，缺少教养，既然你的爹娘没给你教养，那么我来给你一个教训，以后要记住这一点，别用那些歪门邪道，丢我们南岸的脸。”
“Even if you hadn’t avoided that sword, it wouldn’t have killed you. You are naughty and mischievous, and severely lacking in good family values. Since your father and mother didn't discipline you, I guess I’ll step in to provide you with a bit of education. However, you’d better not use any vile or treacherous methods, and lose face for the south bank.”

上官天佑淡淡开口时，他的飞剑刹那归来，漂浮在他的面前。
As he spoke, his flying sword circled back around and came to rest floating in front of him.

北岸安静了一下，瞬间欢呼起来，只是南岸这里，却一个个都沉默了，看向上官天佑时，都露出不满，即便是之前再追捧上官天佑的，也都皱起眉头。
The north bank went quiet for a moment, then broke out into cheering. The south bank maintained their silence. None of them seemed very happy with Shangguan Tianyou, and even some of the people who considered themselves his fans were frowning.

他们对白小纯没有厌恶感，白小纯在他们看来，虽顽劣，可却不过分，虽让人无奈，可却会从心底产生喜爱，哪怕是北岸对他恨之入骨，可对南岸而来，白小纯是代表南岸出战，他的一切，都是南岸的荣耀。
After all, the south bank disciples generally didn’t hate Bai Xiaochun. Although he was somewhat naughty and mischievous, it wasn’t excessive. He left them feeling a bit helpless sometimes, but they actually liked him. The north bank hated him, but to the south bank, he represented their hope for glory.

甚至每个人都看出了，方才白小纯的开口，分明是想认输，显然是不愿与上官天佑自相残杀，而且还有一重含义，是想要让上官天佑节省灵力，为与鬼牙之战，争取最大的赢面。
Furthermore, it was obvious to everyone that Bai Xiaochun had been on the verge of conceding. Clearly, he’d hoped to keep from getting into a fierce fight with Shangguan Tianyou, thus sparing Shangguan Tianyou some spiritual power to use in his final battle with Ghostfang.

上官天佑不可能听不出来，可居然还要出手，且近乎是偷袭的方式，甚至还出口教训，辱及爹娘，这种行为，让南岸很多人，心里不齿！
Shangguan Tianyou had been aware of that too, and yet had attacked anyway, and in an underhanded way at that. Then he talked about educating Bai Xiaochun, and even dishonored his family. Behavior like that left many south bank disciples quite uncomfortable!

白小纯蹲着身子，怔怔的看着面前飘落的头发，收起了脸上的笑容，起身抬头时，他望着上官天佑，对方教训的话语还在耳边回荡。
Bai Xiaochun knelt there, watching his hair float down in front of him. Slowly, his smile faded, and he looked up at Shangguan Tianyou, the word “education” ringing in his ears.

“你是天骄，看不起我，没有关系，我本也不在乎别人的看法。”
“You’re a Chosen, so if you want to look down on me, fine. I don’t really care what other people think about me anyway.”

白小纯沉声开口，这一刻他身上似乎与平常不太一样了。
For some reason, something seemed different about Bai Xiaochun all of a sudden.

“你偷袭我，也就罢了，我修行是为长生，本就不喜欢打打杀杀。”
“You want to use underhanded attacks? That’s your business. I practice cultivation so that I can live forever. I don't like fighting and killing.”

白小纯右手抬起，一把扯下身上的那些黯淡的符咒，扔在了一旁，他的身上，在这一瞬，隐隐有一丝铁血之意，竟逐渐的升起。
He waved his right hand off to the side, tossing the defensive amulets away. All of a sudden, it seemed as if his veins were filled with, not blood, bu t steel.

南岸人群内，侯云飞双目一凝，身体控制不住的震动，他望着这一刻的白小纯，那种当年在落陈家族时熟悉的感觉，出现了。
In the south bank audience, Hou Yunfei’s eyes glittered, and he couldn’t stop himself from shaking. All of a sudden, he was looking at the same Bai Xiaochun who had saved him from the Luochen Clan.

“可你有什么资格 代我的爹娘教训我！”
“But what gives you the right to step in for my dad and mom and educate me?”

白小纯猛地抬头，他的眼中露出血丝，他的爹娘走的早，这对他的影响很大，甚至他之所以想要长生，也都与此有很大的联系。
Bai Xiaochun eyes were completely bloods hot. His parents had both passed away when he was young, an event which had influenced him in profound ways. It was one of the biggest reasons why he began to wish to live forever.


He was a generally optimistic person, an attitude he had intentionally fostered since a young age.


There had been no other option.

他的性格乐观，那是他从小刻意摆出的，他如果不乐观，一个幼小的孩童，亲眼看到爹娘病逝而去，在房间里与爹娘的尸体居住了数日，他不愿相信，他哭喊着爹爹，娘亲，直至尸体发臭，直至被乡亲埋葬，他呆了很久很久，甚至有一段时间，他喜欢自己和自己说话 这样的孩子，长大之后，这一生都会阴暗。
He had personally watched his parents die of illness. He remembered sitting with their corpses for days, weeping, refusing to believe that they were gone, even calling their names. Eventually, the corpses began to stink, and relatives came to bury them. Bai Xiaochun had been left in a daze, and at one point even took to talking to himself If a child grew up in such a manner, his entire life would be one of darkness.

他以笑代替哭，将思念化作对长生的信念，他永远记得爹娘临死前，带着不舍，让自己好好活下去的话语。
So Bai Xiaochun replaced the crying with laughter. He began to think about the idea of living forever. He would never forget how his parents had died, and although he missed them, it only made him want to keep living.

他顽劣，可他有分寸，很多事情他不是故意的，他的心底始终善良。
He was stubborn and mischievous, but not to an excessive degree. Many of the things he did were even accidents. Deep dow n, he was a good pe rson.

他怕死，甚至给人懦弱的感觉，可在面临同伴危机时，情义战胜了死亡，他可以怒吼着，颤抖着回头去拼死一战。
He feared death, and seemed weak on the outside, but when his friends were in danger, he would fight to the death to protect them. If he needed to, he could bellow in rage and risk his life on the field of battle.

他搞怪，可他重情，张大胖，李青候，侯云飞，杜凌菲，侯小妹，掌门，所有对他好的人，他一辈子都记得。
He liked to joke, but was also deeply emotional. Big Fatty Zhang, Li Qinghou, Hou Yunfei, Du Lingfei, Hou Xiaomei, the sect leader, and all the other people who treated him well, were people he would never, ever forget.

“你有什么资格！”
“What gives you the right?”

白小纯身体轰的一声直接冲出，速度之快，刹那间就出现在了上官天佑的面前，上官天佑双眼猛地一缩，全身汗毛竖起，还没等他反应过来，白小纯的拳头，带着银色的光芒，一拳落下。
He suddenly burst into action, moving so quickly that he was instantly in front of Shangguan Tianyou. Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes widened, and his hair stood on end, but before he could do a single thing in response, Bai Xiaochun’s fist struck out, glittering with silver light.

轰的一声，上官天佑身上的防护之光出现，可这些防护之光，根本就无法阻挡丝毫，瞬间崩溃，白小纯的拳头势如破竹，直接落在上官天佑面前，急速出现的一面小盾上。
Rumbling sounds could be heard as Shangguan Tianyou’s personal shield sprang up, but it was absolutely incapable of providing any defense. Bai Xiaochun’s fist pierced through it like a hammer crushing ice. Just as it was about to land on Shangguan Tianyou, a tiny buckler appeared, which subsequently trembled and was sent flying off to the side.

轰的一声，这小盾颤抖，竟被白小纯一拳直接打飞，撞在上官天佑的胸口，上官天佑喷出鲜血，身体被大力推动，蹬蹬蹬的退后十多步，鲜血再次喷出，神色内露出无法置信。
Bai Xiaochun’s fist landed on Shangguan Tianyou’s chest, causing blood to spray out of his mouth. Shangguan Tianyou felt as if a huge force had slammed into him, and he staggered backward ten paces, coughing up more blood, an expression of utter incredulity on his face.

“这就是天骄？”
“Are you really Chosen?”


Bai Xiaochun asked coolly.

白小纯淡淡开口，这一刻他没有抬起下巴，没有摆出高手寂寞的样子，可偏偏这一刻的他，给所有人的感觉，都是如骄阳一样，南岸传来无数吸气声，北岸全部震撼。
He didn't stick his jaw out. He didn’t put on the air of a lonely hero. But everyone looking at him in that moment felt like they were looking at a blazing sun. Gasps could be heard among the south bank disciples, and the north bank audience was completely stunned.

鬼牙眼中爆出精芒，露台上掌门等人，全部神色变化，神色凝重。
Ghostfang’s eyes began to shine, and up on the balcony, the sect leader and the others had very serious expression on their faces.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!”

上官天佑感受到了羞辱，他怒吼一声，双手掐诀时身体外瞬间出现了五把飞剑，这五把飞剑，每一个都散出惊人的剑气，在上官天佑的剑灵之体操控下，直奔白小纯呼啸而去。
Shangguan Tianyou growled. Feeling completely humiliated, he roared and performed a double-handed incantation gesture. Five flying swords appeared, all of which emanated terrifying sword qi. Taking control of them with his spirit sword body , Shangguan Tianyou sent them flying toward Bai Xiaochun.

速度之快，惊天动地，仿佛化作了五条足有半丈粗细，十多丈长短的剑龙，有的横冲直撞，有的跃出弧形，轰鸣而去，甚至战台都出现了一道道裂缝。
Rumbling could be heard as the swords blurred into motion, becoming five sword dragons, each one of them about two meters wide and thirty meters long. As they arced through the air, everything shook, and even the surface of the arena floor began to crumble.

这样的气势，一剑可以斩杀寻常弟子，两剑可以灭去其他骄子，如公孙云这样的天骄，也在三剑下认输，而此刻，五剑出现，一时之间，整个战台，剑气纵横。
Based on the shocking level of energy they displayed, any one of the swords would be able to kill an ordinary disciple. Two would definitely take out other elite disciples. As for Chosen like Gongsun Yun, three would be enough to force him to concede.


But now five appeared, filling the entire arena floor with a shocking sword aura.

“我不懂剑法，没有剑灵之体，可在我看来，剑 不是这么用的！”
“I don’t know anything about sword techniques,” Bai Xiaochun said coolly. “Nor do I have a sword spirit body. But from what I know that’s not how you use swords!”

白小纯平静开口，右手抬起一指，立刻金乌剑化作一道金光，瞬间飞出，在他的面前，向着前方斩下一剑！
With that, he waved his finger, and the Golden Crow Sword appeared, a golden beam of light that slashed toward the first of Shangguan Tianyou’s swords!

任你三剑还是五剑，我只一剑！
I don’ t care if you us e three swords or five, I only need one !

这一剑斩下，传出滔天巨响，形成了一道剑气风暴！
That one sword caused the sky to shake, and became an explosive stream of sword qi!

这一剑斩下，拥有举重若轻，又蕴含了举轻若重！
That one sword used Heaviness-in-Lightness and Lightness-in-Heaviness!

这一剑斩下，白小纯体内灵力精确的没有半点浪费的挥发！
That one sword was backed by the perfect amount of spiritual power, without the slightest bit of wastage!


It was true that Bai Xiaochun didn’t really know anything about sword techniques.

他的确不懂用剑，他可懂紫气驭鼎，懂举重若轻，举轻若重，懂得一片叶子吊不起太重的木块，可若把叶子卷在一起，可以吊起石块，把叶子撕成一条条编在一起，可以吊起更大的岩石！
But he knew the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, Heaviness-in- Lightness, and Lightness-in-Heaviness. He knew that, although a leaf could not be used to lift a log, if you rolled it up, it could lift a small rock. Furthermore, if you tore the leaf into strips and wove them together, it could lift an even heavier rock!

他懂得，是灵力的运用之法！
He knew the proper way to manipulate spiritual power!


Sometimes, mastering one technique was superior to knowing tens of thousands of them.

一法通，不说万法通，但在凝气中 配合他的不死银皮，已是无敌！
In the Qi Condensation stage his skill combined with his Undying Silver Skin made him invincible!

轰轰轰轰！
BOOOOOOOOOMMM!

震耳欲聋的声响，撼动八方，战台无数碎石飞舞时，白小纯斩下的一剑，形成的风暴，在与上官天佑的五道剑龙碰触时，直接爆发，那五道剑龙全部扭曲，砰砰声中直接碎裂，全部爆开，而白小纯的一剑风暴，却横冲直撞，在上官天佑面前，直接爆发。
An ear-splitting explosion rocked the entire area, and countless chunks of rubble were thrown into the air. Bai Xiaochun’s single sword strike became a tempest that slammed into Shangguan Tianyou’s five sword dragons. The sword dragons twisted and distorted, and then exploded into countless fragments. Then the blast of wind continued on, slamming directly into


Shangguan Tianyou’s face.

风掀起白小纯的长发，他站在战台上，神色平静，没有背着手，没有小袖一甩，可这平静，在那剑气风暴的衬托下，成为了一幕永恒的画面，深深地烙印在了南北两岸所有弟子的心中。
Bai Xiaochun stood there, his hair whipping in the wind, his expression placid. He didn’t clasp his hands behind his back, and didn't flick his sleeve. He simply stood there, as calm as ice. It was a scene that would forever be etched into the minds of all disciples of the north and south banks.

“他真的是 白小纯？”
“Is that really Bai Xiaochun?”

这一刻，每个人的心头，都轰然震动。
Everyone felt as if their minds were about to explode.

第九十六章 战鬼牙
0095 chapter-96 The south bank was shaken.

南岸震惊，所有认识白小纯的弟子，在这一瞬，仿佛从来不认识他一样，这一刻的白小纯，给他们的感觉，极为陌生，与记忆里的那位喜欢让人喊他白师叔，贱贱的，总是让人想揍他一顿的身影，完全不同。
All of the disciples who actually knew Bai Xiaochun felt like they suddenly didn't recognize the person standing there in front of them. He seemed like a stranger. The Bai Xiaochun they remembered loved to make people call him Sect Uncle Bai.


He was a somewhat annoying person who made everyone feel like giving him a good beating.


This person was completely different.

北岸传来无数吸气声，他们所有人都在这一刻，呆呆的看着白小纯，每个人的心神都掀起轰鸣巨响，他们在这之前不认识白小纯，对他的印象停留在之前几场的无耻，可如今这一幕，让他们所有人，都倒吸口气。
Gasps could be heard coming from the north bank audience. The disciples there stared blankly, and their minds spun. Although they hadn’t known Bai Xiaochun for very long, he had already given them the impression that he was completely shameless.


In sharp contrast, the person they were looking at now left them shaken to the core.

露台上，郑远东目露奇芒，四周其他各峰掌座，每个人都凝重起来，李青候的目中有笑意，他的心里带着温暖，看向白小纯时，有一股自豪。
Up on the balcony, Zheng Yuandong’s eyes shone with an extraordinary gleam. The other peak lords had very serious expressions on their faces, and Li Qinghou looked on with a slight smile. A warm feeling filled his heart, along with a sensation of pride.

那些长老，一个个也都深吸口气，神色凝重。
All the other elders were also looking on with serious looks in their eyes.

半空中上官天佑，鲜血喷出，他的目中露出茫然，他不相信自己居然输了，而且是输给了他瞧不起的白小纯，这对他来说，内心的耻辱之大，超过了身体上的创伤，他不甘心，眼看自己要掉出战台，他发出一声凄厉的嘶吼。
Shangguan Tianyou flew through the air a bit above the arena floor, coughing up blood, a blank look in his eyes. He couldn’t believe that he was losing, and of all people, to Bai Xiaochun, whom he held in complete contempt. He had been injured, but the humiliation he felt exceeded the pain of his wounds. Just as he was about to fly off of the arena floor, he let out a pow erful shout.

“白小纯，我们这一战，还没有结束！”
“This battle isn’t over yet, Bai Xiaochun!”

他话语传出时，咬破舌尖喷出鲜血，头发肉眼可见的枯萎了一些，双手飞速掐诀之下，立刻他的全身颤抖，从他的天灵位置，竟爆出了一道血光！
With that, he bit his tongue and spit out a mouthful of blood. His hair instantly withered, and at the same time, he performed a double-handed incantation gesture. A moment later, he trembled as a blood-colored light shot out from the top of his head!

这血光一瞬滔天，居然化作了一把血剑！
The light surged up high above him, where it transformed into a blood sword!

“十大秘法，本命剑！” 不少人立刻认出，失声惊呼。
Numerous disciples in the audience instantly recognized what they were looking at. “One of the ten secret magics! True Self Sword!”

“地煞阵！”
“Hellfiend Formation!”

上官天佑不顾一切的双手掐诀，向着白小纯一指，立刻他血剑轰的一声，化作无数血丝，竟纵横在了一起，化作了一张剑网，刹那直奔白小纯。 所过之处，传出更强烈尖锐的破空声。
Shangguan Tianyou’s hands blurred as he performed another incantation gesture, then waved his finger toward Bai Xiaochun. Instantly, the blood sword transformed into countless strands of blood that swirled out to become a net of swords, which then shot toward Bai Xiaochun with an ear-piercing whistling sound.

白小纯抬起头，右手抬起，依旧是一指。
Bai Xiaochun simply extended his right hand and pointed out with his index finger.

这一指，立刻他的前方，瞬间虚无仿佛扭曲，一尊庞大的紫鼎，蓦然间幻化出来，此鼎极为凝实，甚至上面的图案都清晰可见，如同真实的大鼎，看不出丝毫虚幻之处。
Up ahead of him, the air distorted as an enormous cauldron appeared. Although it was illusory, it seemed close to being corporeal. The complex designs which covered its surface were clearly visible, making it seem very realistic.

“紫气化鼎，天啊！”
“Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning? Heavens!”

“太真实了，这不是寻常的紫气化鼎，这是到了第二阶段了！”
“It's so realistic! That’s not an ordinary Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning, that’s the second level!”

南岸顿时惊呼，尤其是紫鼎峰，惊呼之人更多。
Cries of astonishment could be heard coming from the south bank audience, especially the disciples from Violet Cauldron Peak.

北岸那里也都纷纷倒吸口气，在这所有人的目中，这紫鼎与血色剑阵，蓦然间碰到了一起，爆发出了震耳欲聋的巨响，上官天佑喷出鲜血，惨笑一声，直接被卷了出去。
Gasps could also be heard from the north bank audience as the violet cauldron and the blood-colored sword formation slammed into each other, causing a deafening boom to fill the air. Shangguan Tianyou let out a miserable shriek as he was sent spinning backward, blood spraying out of his mouth.

白小纯神色如常，站在战台上，望着天空消散的大鼎，忽然的，北岸人群前的鬼牙，眼中爆出奇异之芒，身体瞬间飞出，直接就站在了战台上。
Bai Xiaochun’s expression was the same as ever as he stood there on the arena floor, watching the enormous cauldron fade away. At the same time, Ghostfang’s eyes suddenly began to gleam, and without another word, he flew over to stand across from Bai Xiaochun.

“上官天佑已无力再战，那么也省了繁琐，你来与我 一战吧！”
“Shangguan Tianyou is too weak to fight any longer,” he said. “Let’s make things simple and fight right now!”

鬼牙话语一出，全身上下瞬间升起阵阵黑雾，环绕四周时，那些黑雾化作了一道道厉鬼，向着白小纯发出无声的嘶吼。
Even as the words left his mouth, black mist began to pulse out around him, swirling into the form of numerous vicious ghosts who let out soundless shrieks. The ghosts were completely vicious in appearance.

那一个个厉鬼样子狰狞，有的披头散发，有的全身青皮，还有的如腐烂了不知多少年的尸骸，提着自己的头颅，极为可怖。
Some had disheveled hair, some had green skin, and some looked like rotting corpses. There were even some that carried their own heads in their arms. They were terrifying to the extreme.

整个战台，瞬间就被一股死气弥漫，使得南北两岸的弟子，纷纷心底一寒。
The entire arena floor began to fill with an aura of death, causing hearts to grow cold among the disciples of both banks.

与此同时，一道道身影从两岸人群内飞出，那些人一个个神色凝重，他们不是外门弟子，而是两岸的内门弟子，此刻全部出现，重点关注这天骄战的最后一战！
As that happened, numerous figures flew out of the crowd on both sides, people with very serious expressions on their faces. They weren’t Outer Sect disciples, but rather, Inner Sect disciples from both the south and north banks who were extremely interested in the final match of the Chosen battles!

甚至种道山顶的四道太上长老的神识，也都一扫而来，凝聚在战台中。
Even the divine sense of the prime elders atop Mount Daoseed was completely focused on the arena floor.

这一刻，万众瞩目！
All eyes were glued on Bai Xiaochun and Ghostfang!

白小纯转身，望着鬼牙，他的神色凝重起来，这一场天骄战，鬼牙出手的几次，实在太过惊人，一指几乎灭杀吕天磊，而且那还只是七成之力。
Bai Xiaochun slowly turned to face Ghostfang, his expression serious. He had seen Ghostfang fight several times during the Chosen battles, and each time had been astonishing. A single wave of his finger had almost killed Lu Tianlei, and that had been only seventy percent of his power.

若是爆发出全部战力，难以想象。
It was hard to imagine what it would be like if he unleashed all of his battle prowess.

就在白小纯看向鬼牙的刹那，鬼牙眼珠幽芒一闪，右手抬起一指向着白小纯点去，与此同时，天地轰鸣，在鬼牙的身边，一个庞大的鬼爪，蓦然出现，占据了半个战台，掀起破空之声，带动惊人气势，直奔白小纯，瞬间轰去。
In the moment that Bai Xiaochun looked over at Ghostfang, Ghostfang’s eyes flickered with a mysterious light. Then he waved his finger at Bai Xiaochun, causing rumbling sounds to fill heaven and earth. A gigantic clawed ghost hand appeared next to Ghostfang, filling half of the arena floor. Surging with astonishing levels of power, it rocketed toward Bai Xiaochun.

速度之快，眨眼就临近，白小纯右手抬起，猛地握拳，全身上下银光闪耀，仿佛成为了一个银人，向着那来临的庞大鬼爪，一拳轰去。
In the blink of an eye, it was upon him. Bai Xiaochun clenched his right hand into a fist, and silver light flashed, making him look like a silver statue. Then he struck out toward the incoming clawed ghost hand.

远远一看，瘦小的白小纯，他与把惊人的鬼爪相比，微不足道，可他的拳头，却是在这一瞬，与那鬼爪碰触的刹那，爆发出了惊天动地，震耳欲聋的巨响。
From a distance, Bai Xiaochun’s slight frame seemed completely insignificant compared to the shocking clawed ghost hand. And yet, as soon as his fist made contact with it, an ear-splitting blast exploded out.

轰轰轰！
BOOOOOOOOOMMM!

这声音如天雷翻滚，传遍四周，使得战台两边的外门弟子，全部倒退开来，神色骇然，甚至不少人直接被震的头晕眼花。
The thunderous explosion caused disciples on both sides of the arena to tumble backward, astonished expressions on their faces. Some of them even saw stars swimming in their eyes.

一股大力在白小纯的拳头与鬼爪之间爆出，那鬼爪颤抖，咔咔声下，竟出现了碎裂，这碎裂瞬间弥漫，扩散整个鬼爪，也就是一个呼吸的时间，砰的一声，这庞大的鬼爪，竟然崩溃的四分五裂。
As the shockwave spread out from the contact point, the clawed ghost hand trembled. Cracking sounds rang out, and fissures spread out to fill its entire surface. One breath of time passed, and then the gigantic clawed ghost hand shattered into countless pieces.

无数黑色的雾气向着八方卷去，整个战台都仿佛震动了一下，鬼牙目中爆出精芒，身体退后一步，狠狠踏了一脚。
Black mist exploded out in all directions, and the entire arena floor shook violently. Ghostfang’s eyes shone brightly as he fell back a single pace before slamming his foot dow n to stop himself.

脚下的地面，出现了一圈碎裂，他对面的白小纯，此刻面色红润，身体一样退后一步，右手银光闪耀，可仔细一看，也在微微抖动。
Cracks spread out in the ground from the foot he stomped down. As for Bai Xiaochun, he also fell back a single pace, his face flushed, his hand glittering with silver light. If you looked closely at that hand, it was possible to see it trembling slightly.

四周的观望弟子，此刻全部倒吸口气，无论是北岸还是南岸，全部都传出了惊呼与哗然。
The surrounding disciples gasped, and both sides of the arena immediately burst forth with cries of shock and astonishment.

“这 白小纯居然 这么强！”
“I can’t believe Bai Xiaochun is so strong!”

“他竟与鬼牙师兄平分秋色！
“He’s actually at the same level as Elder Brother Ghostfang!

我想起来了，他当年曾在落陈家族叛变时，九死一生，越级杀敌，本以为有些夸张，可现在 ”
Back when the Luochen Clan turned traitor, I heard that he barely escaped with his life, but killed a bunch of them in the process. I thought those stories were exaggerations, but now”

“我还是第一次看到，有弟子能碎灭鬼牙的鬼爪！”
“That’s the first time I’ve ever seen anyone destroy Ghostfang’s clawed ghost hand!”

那些内门弟子，一样心惊，他们看着白小纯与鬼牙，每个人都心里咯噔一声，更有苦涩，这种外门弟子，让他们都觉得骇然，在他们眼中，这已经不是外门了，这是妖孽，多少年都未必能出现一个的妖孽，而如今 居然出现了两位。
The Inner Sect disciples were equally astonished, and all of them felt their hearts pounding with bitter astonishment as they looked at Bai Xiaochun and Ghostfang. As far as they were concerned, these two weren’t even Outer Sect disciples any more. Oftentimes, years would pass without a single inhuman disciple rising up from within the ranks.


And yet now two had appeared at the same time.

露台上，掌门目中露出惊喜，四周灵溪宗长老，也都纷纷侧目。
Up on the balcony, the sect leader’s eyes shone with joy, and the other elders’ eyebrows were raised in shock.

白小纯皱起眉头，他的右手方才出现了酸麻，虽然很快就恢复过来，可眼前这鬼牙，对他来说，是个劲敌。
Bai Xiaochun frowned at the tingling sensation he felt in his hand, but the feeling soon went away. Looking over at Ghostfang, he realized that he was facing a formidable oppon ent. Ghostfang’s eyes shone with what appeared to be happiness.

“能碎灭我五成力凝聚的第一指，你比其他人要强很多，那么 我可以放心的展开八成力了。”
“I only used fifty percent power, but you still destroyed my finger attack. That means you’re a lot stronger than anyone else I’ve faced. Well, in that case I can safely use eighty percent power.”

鬼牙望着白小纯，目中竟露出强烈的兴致，似很欣喜一样，右手掐诀，向着白小纯再次一指。
Right hand flashing with an incantation gesture, he waved his finger again at Bai Xiaochun.

话语一出，立刻白小纯头顶的半空，突然云雾缭绕，黑气凝聚，刹那如被一只无形大手撕开一道裂缝，一个居然的鬼爪，再次出现。
Instantly, black mist swirled into being above Bai Xiaochun. The air was ripped apart as, unexpectedly, another huge ghost hand appeared.

甚至比之前险些击杀了吕天磊的鬼爪，还要粗大，还要惊人，轰的一声，直奔白小纯来临，如山峦压顶，轰轰而来。
This one was even more massive than the one which had nearly killed Lu Tianlei, and caused rumbling sounds to echo out in all directions as it descended toward Bai Xiaochun like a mountain.

白小纯蓦然抬头，右手握拳，在那鬼爪降临的刹那，身体拔地而起，化作一道长虹，主动出击，临近鬼爪，一拳轰出。
Bai Xiaochun looked up, clenched his right hand into a fist, and then launched into the air, turning into a bright beam of light that shot directly toward the clawed ghost hand.

这一拳具备了某种势，他全身银光弥漫，撼动苍穹，一身不死皮，在这一刻强烈爆发，使得一拳落下，那鬼爪颤抖，竟一样出现了裂缝！
Silver light spread out in all directions as the power of his fist caused heaven and earth to shake. Bai Xiaochun’s Undying Skin erupted with power, causing the ghost hand to tremble, and then begin to break apart just like the previous one!

鬼牙面色一变，掐诀第三指，第四指，第五指，全部同一时间展开。
Ghostfang’s face flickered as he performed more incantation gestures, sending a third, a fourth, and a fifth finger attack out in quick succession.

眨眼间，在白小纯的四周，三个磅礴的鬼爪，同时出现，向着他这里狠狠轰来。
In the blink of an eye, Bai Xiaochun was facing four enormous clawed ghost hands.

这一切说来缓慢，可实际上只是刹那发生，眼看四个鬼爪都在冲向白小纯，四周的外门弟子一个个传出惊呼，那些内门弟子也都心神震动。
Although all of this takes some time to describe, it happened in the briefest of instants. As the four ghost hands bore down on Bai Xiaochun, the Outer Sect disciples cried out in alarm, and even the Inner Sect disciples were left completely shaken.

露台上，掌门等人纷纷起身，李青候目中精芒一闪，但很快就收了要去救人的念头。
On the balcony, the sect leader and the others shot to their feet, and Li Qinghou’s eyes glittered. However, a moment later, they all realized that there was no need to intervene and rescue Bai Xiaochun.

电光火石间，巨响滔天，轰鸣间，那四个鬼爪同时轰在了白小纯身上，掀起冲击向着四方扩散时，战台更是碎裂开来，无数碎石被掀起，还有尘雾弥漫，使得白小纯所在的地方一片模糊。
In the time it takes a spark to fly off of a piece of flint, a huge boom echoed out as the ghost hands all landed on Bai Xiaochun, and the arena floor was reduced to nothing more than dust. The resultant cloud of dust that filled the air obscured Bai Xiaochun.

可就在这模糊的瞬间，一道身影快若闪电，直接从那片模糊内一冲而出，速度之快，瞬间临近鬼牙。
However, a moment later, a flicker like that of lightning could be seen in the dust as a figure shot out at top speed toward Ghostfang.

“碎候锁！”
“Throat Crushing Grasp!”

一个低沉的声音，蓦然爆发，银光成为了所有人目中的一切，那仿佛凝聚了全身银芒的两根手指，直接就出现在了鬼牙的面前，一股他首次感受到了的强烈的生死危机，让鬼牙这里低吼一声，全身雾气瞬间爆发，更有大量的防护之光出现，身体急速后退。
The only thing that could be seen see was flickering, silver light. Then, two fingers appeared directly in front of Ghostfang, filling him with an intense sensation of deadly crisis, the likes of which he had never felt before. He let out a hoarse shout, causing mist to surge up around him in the form of a defensive shield.

可就在他退后的同时，一股吸力从白小纯的两指内传出，使得鬼牙的身体不但无法后退，反倒被吸的越发靠近。
At the same time, he fell back in retreat. However, at that very moment, a powerful gravitational force erupted from Bai Xiaochun’s two fingers. Not only was Ghostfang prevented from retreating, he was actually pulled toward the fingers.

而他展开的防护之光，在与白小纯的两指碰触时，仿佛脆弱的不堪一击，全部崩溃，任凭他如何抵抗，甚至还展开了三个小盾，也都于事无补，那三个散发光芒的小盾，在与白小纯的两指碰触时，第一面盾摧枯拉朽，直接四分五裂，第二面咔咔声下，成为了两半，第三面虽还完整，可却被大力撞击，直接飞向一旁。
When his defensive shield made contact with the fingers, it was crushed in the briefest of moments. None of his subsequent defensive measures did anything, not even the three bucklers he summoned. The first was instantly shattered, the second cracked into two pieces, and the third, despite remaining whole, was sent spinning away.

依旧是无法阻挡！
None of them could stop B ai Xiaochun!

眼看白小纯的两指，穿梭了一切，势如破竹的出现在了鬼牙的面前，就在这时，鬼牙发出一声凄厉之音，他的头发，赫然有三成瞬间化作白色，以这种代价，换来的是身体猛地模糊，被白小纯的双指直接穿透，可却一捏抓空。
The two fingers crushed anything in their path as easily as a hammer destroying ice. Ghostfang let out a miserable shriek, and shockingly, more than thirty percent of his hair turned white as he paid a shocking price to suddenly become transparent and disappear! Bai Xiaochun’s two fingers passed directly through him, clasping dow n onto nothing but air.

轰的一声，抓空的地方，传来阵阵啪啪声响，仿佛捏碎了空气一样，而在白小纯的远处，鬼牙身影再次出现，一口鲜血喷出，脸上甚至出现了一些皱纹。
A boom rang out as the air was crushed and shattered. A moment later, Ghostfang appeared some distance away from Bai Xiaochun, coughing up blood, h is face wrinkled as if with age.

“能让我动用一次保命之法，白小纯 我小看了你！”
Panting, he said, “You forced me to use one of my life-saving magics, Bai Xiaochun I underestimated you!”

鬼牙气喘吁吁，抬头盯着白小纯，目中不但没有退缩，反而露出强烈的战意，可心底早已骇然，他不知道对方最后用的是什么神通，竟爆发出了超越凝气的战力。
Instead of retreating, he actually seemed like he wanted to continue fighting. However, he was unsure of what divine ability had just been used against him, something that seemed to vastly exceed the battle prowess of the Qi

白小纯嘴角溢出鲜血，他站在那里，此刻身影显露出现，背后的大锅碎了，身上的皮衣有不少崩溃了，全身上下看似如常，可他的气息也都紊乱了一些。
Condensation stage. Blood oozed out of the corners of Bai Xiaochun’s mouth as he stood there, wok cracked, skin covered with lacerations, even his aura was in chaos.

之前对方的五指鬼爪，白小纯虽承受下来，可一样艰难，若非是不死皮到了银色，他之前就败落了。
He had managed to stand up to five of the clawed ghost hands, but it had been very difficult. Without his Undying Skin being at the silver level, he would surely have been defeated.

可惜的是，势在必得的一击，却被对方躲开。
Sadly, his last pow erful attack had been avoided.

第九十七章 我就是张大胖！
0096 chapter-97

这一刻，四周的弟子，已经纷纷脑海嗡鸣，呆呆的看着战台上的二人，每个人的心神，都掀起了滔天的大浪。
As of this moment, all of the disciples in the audience were staring blankly at the arena floor, their minds spinning, tsunamis of shock battering their hearts. The south bank audience were thunderstruck.

南岸的众人恍惚，他们此刻终于明白，为何白小纯可以在落陈家族的一战中生存，为何可以被列为荣耀弟子！
It was only in this moment that they finally realized why it was that Bai Xiaochun had managed to survive his fight with the Luochen Clan, and why he had been named a Prestige disciple!

“原来 他这么强！”
“He’s actually so strong!”

这是每一个南岸弟子，此刻心中唯一的震撼。
That was what all of the shocked disciples were thinking.

而北岸的众人，此刻心中的复杂已到了极致。
As for the north bank audience, their minds were in shambles.

露台上，灵溪宗众多长辈，一个个都目露奇芒，他们看着白小纯，脑海里浮现的都是她全身的银色光芒以及方才那惊艳绝伦的一击。
Up on the balcony, the various elders all had bright gleams in their eyes as they mentally replayed the moment in which Bai Xiaochun struck that incredible blow, and the silver light which covered him.

“是不死长生功，到了银皮的程度！”
“That’s the Undying Live Forever Technique! He’s reached the silver level!”

“方才那最后一击，是 碎候锁！”
“That final blow was the Throat Crushing Grasp!”

“没想到，几乎无人能修成的不死长生功，居然有人修成！
“I can’t believe that someone actually succeeded in cultivating the Undying Live Forever Technique! It's virtually impossible!

可惜，这不死长生功虽威力不俗，来历神秘，可却只有残篇 ”众人深吸口气，一个个传出话语。
It’s an extraordinary technique, but sadly, its origins are a complete mystery, and furthermore, our version is incomplete”

“很期待，他们两个人中，能有人在若干年后，成为传承序列！”
“I very much look forward to seeing if one of these two end up in the Legacy Echelon years from now!”

掌门轻叹，他也知道这个期待很遥远，传承序列太难了，想到这里，他不由得看向李青候。
The sect leader sighed. Such an event would only come after many years had passed. Reaching the Legacy Echelon was a very, very difficult matter. Even the mere thought of it caused him to look over at

“两甲子内，踏入金丹，就可成为传承序列，我们这一代 只有青候有希望。”
Li Qinghou. “Reach the Gold Core stage within two sixty-year-cycles, and that puts you in the Legacy Echelon,” he thought. “Our only hope for this generation is Li Qinghou.”

与此同时，战台上，鬼牙右手一挥，立刻一道青光飞出，化作了一杆青木大幡，被他直接刺在了面前的地面上。
Back on the arena floor, Ghostfang waved his hand, causing a green light to flow out, which transformed into an enormous greenwood banner, which he stuck into the ground next to him.

他整个人盘膝坐下，猛地抬头时，目中露出盎然的战意。
Then he sat dow n cross-legged, his eyes shining with the desire to fight.

“白小纯，你值得我解开封印！”
“Bai Xiaochun, you are worthy. I will now open my seals!

“第一层封印，开！”
“First level seal, open!”

他蓦然开口，右手掐诀，向着眉心一指，嗡的一声，他的身体在这一刻颤抖，一道道黑丝从体内疯狂的钻出，向着四周扩散时，他的身体猛地膨胀了一倍，一股更为强悍的气息，直接爆发。
With that, his right hand flashed with an incantation gesture, and he pushed his finger down onto his forehead. A droning sound could be heard, and he trembled visibly as numerous streams of black light exploded out from inside of him. As they swirled around, he grew slightly larger, and a powerful aura erupted out, an aura which reached well into the

这气息之强，已是凝气这个境界的极致。
Foundation Establishment stage.

“第六指！”
“Sixth finger! Seventh!

“第八指！”
Eighth!

“第十指！”
Ninth! Tenth!”

鬼牙低吼，掐诀间向着白小纯一指，竟连续展开了五指，任何一指，都比之前要强悍太多，此刻全部展开，天地震动，无根巨大的鬼爪，从天而降，气势如虹，距离很远都可以看到，直奔白小纯，轰鸣而来。
Roaring, he waved his finger at Bai Xiaochun five times in a row, each time unleashing greater power than before. Heaven and earth trembled as five gigantic ghost hands began to descend from above , radiating shocking levels of energy. Gasps could be heard from the audience.

“这 这还是凝气的术法么？
“Is that still a Qi Condensation magical technique?

这分明就是筑基的神通！”
It looks like something from Foundation Establishment!”

“我还是首次看到，凝气弟子，展开如此惊天之法！”
“This is the first time I've seen a Qi Condensation disciple unleash magic as shocking as that!”

“只有秘术才可以做到，我灵溪宗十大秘术，每一个都可以在凝气小成！” 四周所有人，全部倒吸口气，露出骇然。
“Only some type of secret magic could do such a thing! All secret magics in the Spirit Stream Sect can be used to some extent in the Qi Condensation stage!”

白小纯双眼收缩，这一刻的鬼牙，给他的压力之大，超越了之前，可距离曾经在落陈家族最后与落陈少主一战时，还是不如。
Bai Xiaochun’s pupils constricted. The pressure he felt from Ghostfang now felt even greater than before, and even beyond what he had faced in his fight with the crown prince of the Luochen Clan.

毕竟这不是生死交锋，而当时的一幕，却是 你死我活！
Of course, this was not a battle to the death. Back in his fight with the Luochen Clan his life had been on the line!

虽然如此，虽然不是生死斗，可白小纯不想输，若没有机会也就罢了，可如今既然有机会，他想要这个第一！
Although he wasn’t fighting for his life right now, he still didn't want to lose. If there was no chance for him to take first place, then he wouldn’t even try, but now that first place was in sight he wanted it!

不为虚名，只为李青候看向自己时，目中会出现的欣慰。
Not for the supposed reputation it would earn him, but because of the approval he knew he would see in Li Qinghou’s eyes.

这就足够了！
That was enough of a reason for him!

白小纯眼中血丝浮现，他袖子一甩，掐诀间，体内灵力瞬间扩散，紧接着，一尊尊紫色的鼎，刹那出现，一尊，三尊 五尊！
Eyes bloods hot, he waved his sleeve and performed an incantation gesture. Spiritual power surged within him, and a violet cauldron appeared. Then a second, a third u ntil five cauldrons hovered around him!

眨眼间，五尊紫鼎幻化，向着四周来临的五根鬼爪，蓦然冲去，与此同时，他的金乌剑蓦然飞出，化作了一道金光，隐隐可见里面有金乌之影，传出尖锐之音，直奔鬼牙！
In the blink of an eye, five violet cauldrons materialized and shot toward the five clawed ghost hands. Simultaneously, the Golden Crow Sword appeared in a streak of golden light, summoning the golden crow, which let out a piercing cry as it shot toward Ghostfang!

而白小纯的身体，也在这一刻冲出，不去理会那五根鬼爪，展开全速向着鬼牙临近。
At the same time, Bai Xiaochun shot forward, ignoring the ghost hands as he closed in on Ghostfang himself.

轰轰之声瞬间扩散，五尊紫鼎在与五根鬼爪碰触时，全部崩溃消散，而那五根鬼爪也都模糊了一些，气势散去了小半，可速度依旧，刹那追上白小纯，直接轰去时，白小纯身体外传出一声鹤鸣，神鹤盾出现。
A boom rang out as the five violet cauldrons slammed into the five ghost hands. The cauldrons shattered. As for the clawed ghost hands, they faded a bit, but continued to close in on Bai Xiaochun at top speed. Then rumbling could be heard as the Divine Crane Shield appeared, and an enormous crane materialized around Bai Xiaochun.

幻化出一尊巨大的仙鹤，将白小纯笼罩在内，巨响滔天，五根鬼爪与神鹤碰触，咔咔声回荡间，这五根鬼爪更为黯淡，甚至都出现了碎裂，可神鹤也发出一声哀鸣，瞬间消散，回到小盾内，无法继续阻挡。
When the ghost hands slammed into it, cracking sounds could be heard as they faded even more. The crane let out a piercing shriek, vanishing and returning to the shield itself, incapable of providing any further defense.

使得那五根鬼爪，再无阻碍，轰在了白小纯的身体上，但就在碰触的刹那，白小纯全身黑光闪耀，覆盖全身，正是李青候给他的保命之物。
The five ghost hands proceeded unhindered to slam into Bai Xiaochun. However, just before they touched him, black light spread out and covered him, the result of the life-saving magic given to him by Li Qinghou.

那五根鬼爪，在碰触这黑光的一瞬，终于无法继续支撑，在震耳欲聋的声响下，全部崩溃开来，白小纯喷出一口鲜血，全身黑光消散，可除了一口鲜血外，他毫发无损，眼中精芒一闪，随着金乌剑，已到了鬼牙五丈内。
When the clawed ghost hands hit the black light, they couldn’t stand up to its power. Deafening boom s rang out as they were destroyed. Bai Xiaochun coughed up a mouthful of blood, a nd yet, suffered no other injuries. The black light faded, and Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flickered as he closed in on Ghostfang with the Golden Crow Sword.

而那金乌剑速度更快，距离鬼牙不到一丈。
By this point, he was a mere fifteen meters away, and the Golden Crow Sword was only three meters from Ghostfang.

鬼牙面色变化，抓住面前青木大幡，身体一跃而起时，金乌剑顺着的肩膀呼啸而过，虽被他勉强避开，可依旧豁开了一道伤口，鲜血溢出时，鬼牙顾不得剧痛，手中大幡猛地挥舞，头皮散发，眼中露出血丝。
Ghostfang’s face flickered as he grabbed his greenwood banner and leaped backward. The Golden Crow Sword sped past his shoulder, slicing a wound open as it passed. Blood sprayed out, but Ghostfang ignored the pain.

“第二封印，开！”
Hair disheveled and eyes bloods hot, he waved the banner and said, “Second level seal, ope n!

“十鬼 夜行！”
Ten Ghosts Haunt the Night!”

他手中青木大幡大力挥舞，立刻就从这幡内，传出了一声声让人心神震颤的嘶吼，猛然间，幡布内伸出两只长满鳞片的鬼手，向外狠狠一撕，钻出了一个头生独角的狰狞鬼头，在它的身后，还有一只全身青皮的厉鬼，也狞笑中要钻出。
Terrifying howling noises rose up from the greenwood banner as two scaled ghost arms ripped the banner open. Out stepped a vicious green ghost with a long horn sticking out of its head and a ferocious grin on its face.

就连天空，此刻也都仿佛阴暗下来，一片乌云遮盖了阳光，使得战台光芒黯淡，仿佛黑夜。
The sky suddenly darkened as sinister black clouds roiled into existence, almost as if night had fallen.

一头头厉鬼，赫然从幡内出现，一共十头，每一个都爆发出凝气大圆满之力，直奔白小纯，白小纯面色一变，心惊肉跳，他就算是再厉害，也无法同时面对十个具备大圆满之力的厉鬼。
More vicious ghosts emerged from within the banner, a total of ten. Each one was bursting with energy equivalent to the great circle of Qi Condensation. As they began to charge Bai Xiaochun, his face flickered, and his heart began to pound. Even if he were stronger than his current level, there was no way he could fight ten ghosts who had battle prowess equivalent to the great circle of Qi Condensation.

鬼牙此刻也松了口气，他的第二封印无法开启时间太久，此刻眼看十鬼出现，他心知这一次自己必定胜出。
Ghostfang breathed a sigh of relief. He couldn’t keep his second seal open for too long, and knew that all of his hopes for victory rested with these ten ghosts.

此刻于十鬼后方，他冷眼看着白小纯，目中露出精芒。
He stood t here behind them, eying Bai Xiaochun coldly.

二人这番斗法，如龙争虎斗，看的四周之人不断惊呼，此刻也都看出鬼牙强大，北岸纷纷振奋，南岸这里也都焦急起来。
The battle between these two had been like a fight between a dragon and a tiger, and provok ed cries of alarm and surprise from the audience. Now everyone could see exactly how powerful Ghostfang was, and the north bank audience was in high spirits. As for the south bank disciples, they were starting to get very nervous.

白小纯身体不断后退，那十尊厉鬼纠缠，每一个都具备强悍修为，轰鸣间，他就算是有金乌剑阻挡，也都无法摆脱。
Bai Xiaochun was in full retreat as the ten ghosts spread out to surround him. Their cultivation bases were shocking, so powerful that not even the Golden Crow Sword could defend against them.

“十鬼夜行 ”危机关头，白小纯忽然抬头看着天空的那片笼罩战台，使得这里如同黑夜的乌云，眼中突然一闪，右手掐诀一指，立刻金乌剑直奔天空云层而去，似要轰开这片云雾，使得战台不再黑夜。
“Ten Ghosts Haunt the Night” Suddenly, he looked up into the sky at the black clouds that made everything seem like night. Eyes flickering thoughtfully, his right hand flashed with an incantation gesture, and the Golden Crow Sword shot up toward the clouds. Apparently, Bai Xiaochun wanted to slash the clouds open so that the arena floor was no longer covered in night.

鬼牙眉头一皱，白小纯反应速度很快，他的这神通虽强悍，可最好的施展状态，是在黑夜，黑夜时将没有破绽，若是在白天 除非是到了百鬼遮天的境界，否则的话，会有破绽之处。
Ghostfang frowned slightly in response to Bai Xiaochun’s quick reaction. The best time to use this divine ability of his was at night, when it was virtually invincible. During the daytime, it was definitely possible to break it unless he unleashed the Hundred Ghosts level.

“这云雾并非寻常，只有炼灵之宝才可以克制一下，且会被吸在里面，这白小纯就算是找到了破绽，以他的力量，也打不开！”
“That cloud cover is beyond ordinary,” Ghostfang thought with a cold smile. “Only spirit enhanced treasures could possibly break it. Even if Bai Xiaochun finds a weakness, he's definitely not strong enough to pierce it open!”

鬼牙心底冷笑。


就在这时，轰鸣传出，金乌剑直接飞入云雾内，光芒一闪，让这云雾稀薄了一些，可那片云雾诡异，竟将它吸在了里面，无法继续展开破坏。
It was at that point that the Golden Crow Sword pierced into the clouds, and rumbling echoed out. The clouds seemed to weaken, but strangely, sucked in the Golden Crow Sword, making it impossible to use again.

白小纯着急，身体退后时随性再次取出一把炼灵两次的飞剑，操控一甩，直奔云雾，轰的一声，使得云雾又稀薄了一些，可还是被吸住。
Getting nervous, Bai Xiaochun fell back again and pulled out two spirit enhanced flying swords. After sending them shooting up, they were also sucked into the clouds, although the clouds weakened further in the process.

但鬼牙那里，却是看的一愣。
Ghostfang’s jaw dropped.

“又一把炼灵之宝 ”
“Spirit enhanced treasures?”

紧接着，还没等鬼牙反应过来，白小纯发现居然有用，于是一口气拿出了七八把飞剑，全部操控直奔天空，其中有四把飞剑上，此刻赫然有银光闪耀，都是炼灵两次，齐齐涌入云层时，没有炼灵的飞剑失效，可四把炼灵之剑，却让云层轰鸣，更为稀薄，甚至有阳光洒落，使得那十头厉鬼发出凄厉之音，连忙避开。
Next, before Ghostfang could even react, Bai Xiaochun suddenly produced eight more flying swords, all of which glittered with silver light as they shot up into the sky. Each and every one had a twofold spirit enhancement, and when they pierced into the cloud cover, it was weakened so much that rays of sunlight began to shine down, which caused the ten ghosts to shriek and dodg e to the side.

鬼牙眼珠子都要瞪出来了，以他的定力，也都惊呼出声。
Ghostfang’s eyes went wide, and despite his level of willpower, couldn’t help but let out a cry of shock.

“这 这么多！
“S-so so many!

该死的，他最多也就这些了！”
Dammit, he can’t have more than that, can he?”

不但是他这里如此，南北两岸的外门弟子，一个个都睁大了眼，无法置信，传出惊呼。
He wasn’t the only person to react in such a way. The Outer Sect disciples from both the south and north banks all looked on with disbelieving eyes, and began to shout aloud.

“天啊，这白小纯怎么这么多炼灵之物！”
“Heavens! How many spirit enhanced items does Bai Xiaochun have?”

“任何弟子获得一把，都是难得了，可他 居然这么多，谁给他炼的！”
“Most disciples have trouble getting their hands on a single one. But he has so many? Who enhanced them for him?”

人群惊呼时，张大胖也在南岸的众人中，只不过是比较靠后，之前为白小纯欢呼时，因人太多，也就没有让人注意。
As people shouted out in surprise, Big Fatty Zhang was there in the crowd. However, he was more toward the back, and although he had been cheering for Bai Xiaochun, nobody had really paid any attention to him.

可此刻，他看到白小纯的那些飞剑，立刻抬起头，神色傲然，心底更有骄傲。 “这些，都是我张大胖炼的！”
Now that he saw Bai Xiaochun using all of the flying swords, he lifted his chin loftily and said, “All of them were enhanced by me, Big Fatty Zhang!”

就在鬼牙以为白小纯再没有炼灵之物时，白小纯立刻惊喜，发现了炼灵之物可以克制云雾，顿时大笑起来。
Even as Ghostfang tried to convince himself that Bai Xiaochun couldn’t possibly have any more spirit enhanced items, Bai Xiaochun was delighted to discover that his swords were actually affecting the cloud cover.

竟又取出了两把飞剑，银光一闪，依旧还是炼灵之物，直奔云层。
Immediately, he began to laugh out loud, and then produced two more flying swords. Silver light flashed as the spirit enhanced swords shot toward the clouds.

“不可能！”
“Impossible!”

鬼牙骇然失声。
Ghostfang shouted in shock.

轰的一声，天空的云雾在这一刻，被八把炼灵飞剑轰击，再无法承受，直接溃散开来，使得阳光落下，那十头厉鬼惨叫，齐齐后退回到幡内，不敢出现。
Rumbling sounds emanated from the clouds, which could not stand up to so many attacks by spirit enhanced swords. As sunlight spilled down, the ten ghosts screamed shrilly as they retreated back into the banner.

与此同时，白小纯大笑，身体蓦然冲出，直奔鬼牙，双指银光闪耀，碎候锁凝聚。
As that happened, Bai Xiaochun laughed heartily and began to close in on Ghostfang, building up power to unleash the Throat Crushing Grasp again.

鬼牙面色极为难看，正要反击，忽然一口鲜血喷出，身体颤抖，打开第二层封印的后遗症出现了，他眼中露出不甘心，身体急速后退。
An extremely unsightly expression appeared on Ghostfang’s face. Just as he was about to fight back, blood sprayed out of his mouth, and he trembled. The side-effects of opening his second seal were now beginning to affect him. An unyielding expression on his face, he began to fall back as fast as possible.

“认输！”
“I concede!” he said through gritted teeth.

他咬牙开口，知道自己如今的状态，绝非白小纯的对手，可他心底不服，方才那一刻，若非白小纯有那么多的炼灵之宝，那么赢的人必定是自己。
He knew that in his current state, he wasn’t a match for Bai Xiaochun. Even still, he refused to acknowledge that he had truly been defeated. If Bai Xiaochun hadn’t possessed so many spirit enhanced treasures, he would never have been able to defeat Ghosts

又或者如今是黑夜，那么他也一定可以赢！
Haunt the Night. Furthermore, if they had actually been fighting at night, he would have been defeated even more handily.

在他认输的瞬间，南岸众人一愣后立刻激动，无数人欢呼。
In the moment that Ghostfang conceded, the shocked disciples of the south bank immediately broke out into excited cheering.

“赢了，我们南岸赢了！”
“We won! The south bank won!”

“哈哈，第一是我们的，前三我们有两位！”
“Hahaha! We took first place! We got two people into the top three!”

“一雪前耻，白师叔无敌！”
“We've gotten our revenge! Sect Uncle Bai is invincible!”

南岸欢呼惊天，而北岸众人却一个个苦涩，纷纷沉默，他们也看出了，不是鬼牙不强，而是白小纯那里 宝物太多。
The south bank disciples were cheering up a storm, while the north bank disciples looked on bitterly. They could all see that the problem wasn’t Ghostfang being weak, it was Bai Xiaochun having too m any treasures.

“白小纯，你的炼灵之宝，为何这么多！”
“How come you have so many spirit enhanced treasures, Bai Xiaochun?”

鬼牙盯着白小纯，他想要知道自己输的原因所在。
Ghostfang asked, wanting to know why he had been defeated in such a way.


“My Elder Brother Big Fatty Zhang is a spirit enhancement genius,” Bai


Xiaochun responded proudly.

“我师兄张大胖，是千年 不对，是万年罕见的炼灵天才，我的宝贝，都是他给我炼的，要怪，就怪你没有一个炼灵天才的师兄。”
“The kind you only see once in a thousand no, once in ten thousand years! All of those treasures I used were gifts from him. If you want to assign blame, blame the fact that my Elder Brother is a genius of spirit enhancement.”

白小纯傲然开口时，南岸众人立刻惊呼，尤其是紫鼎山，更是哗然起来。
The south bank disciples cried out in shock, with the commotion being especially loud among the Violet Cauldron Peak disciples.

“张大胖？
“Big Fatty Zhang?

如此神人，到底是谁？”
Who is this god-like individual?”

“张大胖，他 他是我们紫鼎山的啊！”
“Big Fatty Zhang. He’s he’s a Violet Cauldron Peak disciple!”

“他是掌座的弟子 天啊，他平日很低调，没想到这么厉害！”
“He's the apprentice of the peak lord Heavens, he usually keeps such a low profile. Who could ever have guessed that he was so incredible?”

张大胖振奋，一个高蹦起，扯着嗓子，仰天大吼。 “我就是张大胖！
Excited, Big Fatty Zhang threw his head back and roared at the top of his lungs, “I am Big Fatty Zhang!

白小纯的所有飞剑，都是我炼的！”
All of the flying swords used by Bai Xiaochun were enhanced by me!”

他激动无比，吼出了最大的嗓音，传遍四周，就连露台上的掌门等人，也都好奇的看了过去。
Big Fatty Zhang's excited words echoed out for everyone to hear. Even the sect leader and the others on the balcony turned to look at him curiously.

在这众人哗然震动时，白小纯眨了眨眼，抬起小下巴，小袖一甩，摆出绝世高手的样子，转身走向战台。
As pandemonium continued to grip the crowd, Bai Xiaochun stood there blinking. Finally, he lifted his chin and waved his sleeve, looking like the ultimate hero. Turning slowly, he walked off of the arena floor.

“唉，人生寂寞，我白小纯弹指间，天骄战所有天骄，灰飞烟灭 ”
“Ai. Life is a lonely thing. With the snap of a finger, I reduced all the Chosen to ashes ”

第九十八章 龙象化海经
0097 chapter-98

这场天骄战，成全了张大胖 甚至就连掌门等人看向张大胖时，也都一个个好奇，尤其是掌门，他更是在看了一眼后，身体一震。
The Chosen battles had caused many eyes to be focused on Big Fatty Zhang, even those of the sect leader.

“念力！” 他神色凝重，话语说出时，四周众长老与掌座，一个个都大吃一惊，仔细看去后，纷纷眼中一亮。
“The power of will!” he said, expression very serious. The other peak lords looked surprised, and their eyes began to shine.

许媚香带走吕天磊疗伤未回，否则的话，此刻一定也会不可思议。
Xu Meixiang had taken Lu Tianlei away to begin treating his injuries, but if she were present, she would have been incredulous.

“大胖这孩子，很小就被媚香师妹带回山上，如今总算有出息了，炼灵养念，念强灵强，此子日后要重点培养！”
Sounding very happy, the sect leader said, “Junior Sister Meixiang rarely takes this chubby kid out in public. But now his future prospects are clear. His spirit enhancement has developed his will. With a strong will and a strong spirit, this kid is the kind that must be trained well!”

掌门欣喜，缓缓开口。
The peak lord from Green Crest Peak smiled and said, “Now that you mention it, his friend, that girl who also came from the Ovens, Qingrou, is actually quite impressive.

“说起来，轻柔那丫头也不错，虽不如天佑，可也有自身的机缘，她与我青峰山的护山剑有特殊缘法，如今正在青峰洞内感悟，若有所成，我青峰山未来或可多一个剑灵守护者！”
She might not measure up to Tianyou, but she has her own special destiny. She seems connected to Green Crest Peak’s mountain defense sword. She’s currently seeking enlightenment in Green Crest Cave, and if things go well, Green Crest Peak will soon have another spirit sword guardian!”

青峰山的掌座，微笑说道。


在这下方战台南岸欢呼，北岸沉默时，这场天骄战就此结束，掌门宣布了结果。
As the south bank audience went wild, the north bank disciples simply sat there silently while the sect leader formally announced the results.

白小纯，成为南北两岸外门天骄战的第一人！
Bai Xiaochun had taken first place in the joint south and north bank Chosen battles!

以这种身份，晋升内门弟子！
He would now join the Inner Sect!

奖励去种道山天角阁，选择一件凝气至宝的资格！
As a reward, he could visit Heavenhorn Pavilion on Mount Daoseed to select a precious treasure of the Qi Condensation level!

同时，奖励一次灵溪宗秘境，感悟神通的机缘！
Furthermore, he would be given the chance to enter the Spirit Stream Sect’s arcane pocket realm, where he could gain enlightenment of a divine ability!

只不过这机缘在凝气时用掉有些浪费，能拿到第一的弟子，必定能筑基，所以在筑基时使用，感悟的效果才会最好。
Of course, to take advantage of such an oppor tunity in the Qi Condensation stage would be a bit of a waste. Any disciple who took first place in the Chosen battles would almost certainly reach Foundation Establishment. That would be the time to use such a chance.

最后，还有一万灵石作为奖赏！
The final reward was a prize of 10,000 s pirit stones!

与此同时，郑远东更是钦点前十弟子，奖赏天骄之称，晋升内门弟子，随后，众人才慢慢散去。
Next, Zheng Yuandong formally bestowed the top ten disciples with the title of Chosen, and promoted them into the Inner Sect. Gradually, the crowds began to depart.

北岸黯淡，南岸振奋，那些天骄更是复杂，鬼牙盯着白小纯的背影，深吸口气，依旧不服气，转身离去。
The north bank disciples weren’t very happy, but the south bank disciples were bursting with excitement. As for the Chosen, they had mixed expressions on their faces. Ghostfang watched Bai Xiaochun walk off, and sighed. Deep in his heart, he still didn’t believe himself to have truly lost.

至于北岸的其他天骄，公孙兄妹，也都握紧了拳头，还有徐嵩，也是如此，他们一个个已决定，回山后立刻闭关！
As for the other north bank Chosen such as the Gongsun siblings and Xu Song, they left with clenched fists, all of them intent on returning to their respective mountain peaks and going into secluded meditation!

至于南岸的周心琪，她始终觉得这些不太真实，望着白小纯，她的神色有些恍惚，相比于她，对这一切更不真实的，则是上官天佑。
Zhou Xinqi still had a hard time believing what she had seen, and looked a bit puzzled as she watched Bai Xiaochun leaving. Even more incredulous than her was Shangguan Tianyou.

他整个人都黯淡下来，四周几乎没有人看他，他主动偷袭的一幕，成为了一个耻辱，永远留在了南岸众人的心中。
He stood there despondently, ignored by virtually everyone. His underhanded attack on Bai Xiaochun was something that would forever be etched into the hearts of the south bank disciples.

惨笑一声，上官天佑狠狠的握住拳头。
Chuckling bitterly, he clenched his hands into fists.


“We're only in Qi Condensation.

“这才凝气而已，筑基 我一定会第一个筑基，超越白小纯，超越鬼牙！”
Just wait until Foundation Establishment I’ll definitely be number one in that stage. I’ll outdo Bai Xiaochun and Ghostfang both!”

带着决断，上官天佑强挺着自己的骄傲，化作长虹远去。
Filled with determination, he held his head high with pride as he shot off in a beam of light.

渐渐地，人群全部散了，天骄战虽结束，可这场天骄战带来的影响，却是刚刚开始。
Gradually, everyone left the arena. The Chosen battles were over. However, the true fight between all the Chosen had only just begun.

白小纯的名字，从这一刻起，传遍南北两岸，尤其是北岸，他的名字无人不知，可却成为了一个禁忌！
Everyone on both the south and north bank knew Bai Xiaochun’s name, although on the north bank, it became a taboo w ord!

那是北岸公敌，那是带给北岸耻辱的无耻之人！
He was the archenemy of the north bank, a shameless villain who had brought humiliation to all the disciples there!

尤其是北寒烈，更是被他师尊带回山后，立刻闭关，没脸见人了，至于那头大狗，也被他解开了契约，直接扔在了北岸，放弃了拥有权。
That was especially true of Beihan Lie. After being taken away by his master, he immediately went into secluded meditation, not daring to show his face in public. As for his huge dog, he released it somewhere on the north bank, relinquishing ownership of it for all time.

虽这夜行兽不俗，可却没有人敢去操控，也就使得那条大狗，几乎成为了野狗，在北岸四座山峰，偶尔可以看到它的身影
Although the Nightstalker Beast was extraordinary, nobody could control it, and soon it became like a wild dog. Occasionally, people would catch glimpses of it roaming around near the four mountain peaks of the north bank

无数北岸弟子疯狂的修行，一个个都憋足了劲，都在发誓，总有一天，要让白小纯付出代价，血洗耻辱！
Countless north bank disciples went back and madly devoted themselves to cultivation. All of them swore oaths that one day, they would take the stain of humiliation inflicted by Bai Xiaochun and wash it clean with blood!

甚至北岸都自发的组成了一个组织，叫做灭纯联盟，这个组织的使命，就是灭了白小纯！
The disciples even formed an organization called the Slay Xiaochun Society, which was devoted to eradicating Bai Xiaochun!

而张大胖，也因这一次的天骄战，名气彻彻底底的被传出，白小纯与鬼牙的最后一站，那七八把炼灵之宝，实在太震撼人心了。
Because of what had occurred in the Chosen battles, Big Fatty Zhang became incredibly famous. Everyone was completely shocked by the sheer number of spirit enhanced treasures of his that Bai Xiaochun had used in his final fight with Ghostfang.

以至于张大胖这里，成为了紫鼎山新的天骄，无数人前去拜访，希望可以收获张大胖的友情，能给炼灵。
Big Fatty Zhang became a Chosen on Violet Cauldron Peak, and soon, countless disciples began to visit him, hoping to become friends and thus have access to spirit enhanced items.


Big Fatty Zhang was very pleased by this, but didn’t let it show.

张大胖得意非凡，可却矜持起来，不是什么人都给炼灵，他越是如此，就越是被人看好，就连许媚香也都把张大胖召过去仔细的盘问之后，觉得匪夷所思，尤其是她在张大胖身上，清晰的感受到了念的存在！
He wouldn't perform spirit enhancements for just anyone. Of course, the more he acted like that, the more people fawned over him. Eventually Xu Meixiang called him over to make a detailed inquiry. She almost couldn’t believe what she heard, and was even more shocked to sense the power of will within him!

最终严禁张大胖给其他人炼灵，告诉他，除非给白小纯炼出了炼灵五次之宝，否则不可为旁人炼灵。
In the end, she forbade him from performing spirit enhancements for anyone else, at least not until he could perform a fivefold spirit enhancement for Bai Xiaochun.

对此，张大胖虽诧异，可却点头答应。
Big Fatty Zhang found that a bit odd, bu t in agreement nonetheless.

“炼灵最是神秘，或许白小纯那孩子与张大胖之间，存在了某种冥冥中的联系 相辅相成，方可大成。”
“Spirit enhancement is the most mysterious of arts,” she thought. “Perhaps Bai Xiaochun and Big Fatty Zhang have some special connection If they help each other, the results could be shocking.”


Xu Meixiang watched thoughtfully as Big Fatty Zhang left.

许媚香望着离去的张大胖，若有所思，没有去详细追问，灵溪宗的宗旨，是每个弟子都有自身的缘法，不可贪婪，否则就是触犯了宗门的根本，责罚极重，况且白小纯身份不一般，就算是她，也没办法随意拿捏。
She didn’t look into the matter any further. In the Spirit Stream Sect, everyone had their own destiny, and greedily attempting to take advantage of others could harm the foundation of the sect. Such actions were strictly forbidden. Besides, Bai Xiaochun had a unique status that made him especially difficult to deal with.

灵溪宗万年不倒，越来越强大，这条铁律，也是其中的一个重点之一。
The Spirit Stream Sect had remained strong for ten thousand years, and one of the reasons was that hard and fast rule.

数日后，白小纯获得了内门弟子的衣衫与令牌，也在香云山负责内门的徐长老的引领下，整理了行李，离开了他居住了数年的院子。
A few days later, Bai Xiaochun got his Inner Sect uniform and command medallion. Furthermore, he received orders from Elder Xu, who led the Inner Sect on Fragrant Cloud Peak, to pack his bags and leave the courtyard residence that had been his home for the past few years.

内门弟子，可以居住在灵气更浓的洞府！
Inner Sect disciples all received immortal's caves filled with strong spiritual energy!

所谓洞府，洞天之府，内有乾坤，白小纯身为天骄战第一，洞府任选，他自然选择了一个最好的洞府，在香云山的后山，一条山阶小路的尽头，存在了一个幽静可却灵气浓郁的洞府。
The so-called immortal's caves were like heavenly abode s that were worlds unto their own. Having taken first place in the Chosen battles, Bai Xiaochun had his pick of the available immortal's caves, and naturally, he picked the best one. It was on the rear side of Fragrant Cloud Peak, at the end of a narrow little path, a quiet place filled with strong spiritual energy.

府内有石室五间，顶堂都有夜明珠散出光芒，尤其是大厅的位置，赫然存在了一个小泉眼，泉水嚯嚯，竟有一些温度，形成了一个数十丈的温泉小湖，里面还有一些适应这个环境的鱼儿游走。
The cave itself had five rooms, with nightpearls inlaid in the ceilings that filled the place with soft light. There was a large main hall with a little hot spring in the middle. Warm water bubbled up, forming a small pond, within which a few hot spring fish swam lazily about.

整个洞府，虽然简单，可却透出一股大气，炼药房，闭关室，灵植区，试法地，全部齐全。
The immortal's cave was simple but impressive. It had a medicine concocting workshop, secluded meditation facilities, a spirit plant nursery, and a place set aside for practicing magics.


Also included were two puppets with cultivation bases equivalent to the fifth level of Qi Condensation, who cared for day-to-day affairs for Bai


Xiaochun.

更有两具修为堪比凝气五层的傀儡，负责白小纯的起居生活，府内每个石室，都有自身的阵法，大厅的阵法一旦打开，上方的岩壁会虚幻，露出天空，夜晚时可以看到外面的星辰月色，而整个洞府更有一个大阵，一旦开启，就算是筑基初期的修士，一时半会也难以破开。
Every room in the immortal's cave had a spell formation, as did the main hall. Once activated, the stone walls and ceilings would vanish to reveal an image of the sky above . At night, it was even possible to see the moon and the stars. There was a larger spell formation that covered the entire immortal's cave, and once activated, not even an early Foundation


Establishment cultivator would be able to break in.

这一处洞府，就算是给筑基修士，也绰绰有余，是整个香云山内，最好的洞府之一。
This immortal's cave would even be suitable for a Foundation Establishment cultivator, and in fact, it was one of the nicest in all of Fragrant Cloud Peak.

白小纯看的极为满意，心中惊喜，与这里比较，他觉得自己之前居住的院子，实在是太简陋了，高兴地送走了徐长老，临走前，徐长老叮嘱白小纯要去内门灵阁选择李青候指定的一门功法，这才离去。
Bai Xiaochun looked very pleased, and his heart nearly burst with joy. Now that he thought about it, his previous courtyard residence had been far too simple and crude. As he saw Elder Xu off, Elder Xu repeatedly reminded him to go to the Inner Sect Spirit Pavilion to find the technique Li Qinghou had suggested for him.

白小纯眼看徐长老走了，立刻脱光了身子，蹦到了泉水里，发出舒服的声音，尤其是那些小鱼在身体外游走，时而轻轻啄一下，那感觉，让白小纯觉得人生如此，实在没有别求了。
Finally, Elder Xu left. After he was sure Elder Xu was gone, Bai Xiaochun stripped naked and jumped into the pond, where he floated there, sighing contentedly. Occasionally a fish would float by and nibble a bit on his skin. It was a feeling the likes of which he had never experienced before in his life.

“可惜杜凌菲不在宗门，不然的话，一起在这里泡澡，那该多好啊。”
“It’s too bad Du Lingfei isn’t here in the sect. Having her here to bathe with would be great.”

白小纯感慨时，想到了侯小妹，立刻眉飞色舞，打定主意找个机会把侯小妹带来，一起在温泉中看着夜空星辰。
Sighing, he thought of Hou Xiaomei, and then smiled radiantly. As of that moment, he vowed to find an oppor tunity to get her to come over and join him in the hot spring to look at the stars.

“我是一个有理想的人，应该让侯小妹，还有杜凌菲二人一起在这里泡澡才对。” 白小纯想了想，深以为然，觉得自己之前的想法实在太渺小了。
After some deep thought, he came to the conclusion that his previous way of thinking had been far too limited. “As a man of ambition, I should get Hou Xiaomei and Du Lingfei to come join me in the hot spring at the same time.”

第二天清晨，白小纯早早的离开了洞府，顺着小路走出时，看到了在距离自己洞府不远的地方，还有一处洞府。
The next morning, Bai Xiaochun woke early and left his immortal’s cave. Strolling along the little mountain path, he noticed another immortal's cave not too far off.

两间洞府距离也就是数十丈，如同对门，其上阵法开启，也是有人居住的样子，白小纯很好奇，多看了几眼，收回目光走远。
It was only a few meters away, located almost directly across from his own. It had its spell formation activated, and appeared to be occupied. Bai Xiaochun studied it curiously for a few minutes before looking away.

一路慢吞吞的走在山峰的山半段，这里几乎没有外门弟子，都是一些内门弟子。
As he strolled along, he realized that there weren’t any Outer Sect disciples to be seen, only a few Inner Sect disciples.

人数不多，大都要么闭关，要么外出执行任务，虽然如此，可却不影响白小纯在他们面前干咳一声，摆出赞誉的模样，等人对方一愣后，称呼一声白师叔。
Most people weren’t out and about, but rather, secluded in meditation. The only time they would come out would be to go on sect missions. Of course, whenever Bai Xiaochun did see someone, he would clear his throat and strike a pose. After looking shocked for a moment, the Inner Sect disciple would inevitably greet him as Sect Uncle Bai.

就这样在一路白师叔的呼唤中，白小纯精神抖擞，大摇大摆的走到了香云山的内门灵阁，这里是内门弟子，学习功法的地方。
Being addressed in such a manner as he went along lifted his spirits. He swaggered along through Fragrant Cloud Peak until he reached the Inner Sect's Spirit Pavilion. That was a location where the Inner Sect disciples practiced their various techniques and abilities.

每一个新晋升的内门弟子，都可无偿的来此学习一部内门功法，白小纯刚一到来，负责灵阁的弟子赶紧起身拜见，白小纯更为欣喜，拍了拍对方的肩膀，这才选择起来。
Whenever a disciple was promoted to the Inner Sect, they would be able to acquire one of the sect’s techniques at no cost. As soon as Bai Xiaochun arrived, the disciple in charge clasped hands in greeting. Feeling more pleased than ever, Bai Xiaochun clapped his shoulder and then went to look at the options he had in terms of techniques.

“天地斩？”
“Sever Heaven and Earth?

“水火真意！”
“Waterflame Theorem!

“九天灭地决？”
“Nine Heavens Earth Destruction Incantation?”

可看了半晌，这些功法眼花缭乱，他也不知道该选什么，似乎都很厉害的样子，最后找到了徐长老所说的，李青候指定让自己修行的功法。
After examining the options available, the techniques started to blur together, and he had no idea which one he should pick. They all seemed incredible. Eventually, he found the technique Li Qinghou had suggested that he cultivate.

“龙象化海经？”
“Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture?”

白小纯拿着一枚玉简，灵力融入看了起来，很快就睁大了眼，这龙象化海经的开卷语，让白小纯头皮一炸。
He picked up the jade slip and sent some spiritual power into it. After examining the introduction, his eyes went wide, and his scalp began to tingle.

“人有桎梏，无论修为还是肉身，都存在生命本源不可突破的桎梏 老夫创造此功，适合凝气修行，虽桎梏不可破，但却能触摸感悟！”
“Everyone is bound by shackles. Whether in terms of cultivation base or the fleshly body , there are life essence shackles which cannot be broken I have created this technique, suitable for cultivation in the Qi Condensation stage, not to break through the shackles, but to gain enlightenment of them!”

白小纯倒吸口气，他立刻就想起了救了自己一命，自称守陵人的黑袍老者，他当年说的话语。
Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and thought back to the black-robed man who had saved his life, the one who called himself the gravekeeper. The words in the introduction of this scripture reminded him of the words that man had spoken.

“不死五卷，突破生命五大桎梏，长生五卷，破解永恒五大封印！”
“The five volumes of the Undying Codex. Break through the five shackles of mortality. The five volumes of the Live Forever Codex. Break through the five seals of eternity!”


He suddenly had the feeling that this Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming


Scripture was anything but ordinary.

白小纯立刻就觉得，这龙象化海经非同寻常，连忙仔细去看，渐渐皱起眉头，发现此功看起来似乎并没有什么惊天动地之力，甚至比方才白小纯看到的那些惊人的术法有所不如，但却可以完美的嫁接紫气驭鼎功，而且可以提高筑基的几率！
However, after further examination, he frowned. Based on the description, there didn’t seem to be anything particularly astonishing about it. In fact, it didn't even seem to measure up to some of the other powerful magical techniques he’d just looked at. After a moment though, his expression brightened as he realized that it dove tailed perfectly with the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, and also increased the chances of reaching Foundation Establishment!

白小纯对于筑基，在多年前就梦寐以求，此刻想起来，心脏跳动都加速了。
Bai Xiaochun had been dreaming of reaching Foundation Establishment for years now, and merely thinking about it would leave his heart pounding.

这龙象化海经只有三层，分别对应凝气九层，凝气十层大圆满，最后一层则是 筑基！
The Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture only had three levels. The first led to the ninth level of Qi Condensation, the second led to the great circle of the tenth level of Qi Condensation. The final level led to Foundation Establishment!

炼到极致，肉身拥有龙象之力，体内灵力化作磅礴大海，最难得的，是将具备一个深厚无比的基础，可以在筑基后，对任何功法神通，都有包容性，不会出现排斥以及走错路。
At the pinnacle, the fleshly body would have the strength of dragons and mammoths, and one’s spiritual power would form a huge sea. Best of all was that after creating such a matchless foundation, once one reached Foundation Establishment, it would be much easier to learn just about any divine ability, without worrying about an incompatibility problem.

可以说是平凡中的不平凡！
It was something extraordinary within the ordinary!

“就选他了！”
“This is the one for me!”

白小纯立刻有了决断，无论是开卷语所说的桎梏，还是提高筑基的几率，任何一点白小纯都心动，他拿着龙象化海经，走出内门灵阁，换取此经后，向着洞府走去。
Whether because of the fact that the introduction mentioned shackles, or that the scripture could help him reach Foundation Establishment, it left Bai Xiaochun’s heart pounding. Dragon Mammoth Sea- Forming Scripture in hand, he left the Inner Sect Spirit Pavilion and headed back toward his immortal's cave.

眼看快要到了，路过对门的洞府时，洞府的大门忽然打开，一个女子的身影，走了出来，看到白小纯后一愣，正要回去时已晚了。
Just when he was almost there, the gate of the immortal's cave across from him opened, and a young woman walked out. As soon as she saw him, her jaw dropped, and she tried to duck back inside, but wasn’t fast enough.

“咦？
“Eee?

心琪师侄女！”
Sect Niece Xinqi!”

白小纯立刻惊喜，天骄战时周心琪距离自己很远，他想要让对方称呼自己师叔，可却没有机会，此刻一看，原来周心琪是自己的邻居，顿时高兴了。
He was immediately elated. Ever since the Chosen battles, Zhou Xinqi had kept her distance from him. He’d wanted to get her to address him as Sect Uncle, but had never found the chance. Who would have thought that he was now living right across from her!

第九十九章 找上门来
0098 chapter-99

周心琪面色难看，她也没想到，自己选择的洞府，居然就在白小纯洞府的旁边，当初在外门时，她知道白小纯这个喜欢让人呼唤他师叔的嗜好，心里觉得别扭，于是每次都避开。
An unsightly expression appeared on Zhou Xinqi’s face. Never had she imagined that she would pick the immortal's cave right across from Bai Xiaochun’s. She was well aware that back in the Outer Sect, Bai Xiaochun had loved to go around making everyone call him Sect Uncle.


Unable to stomach the thought, she’d always avoided him.

可眼下，居然被堵在了门口。
But now here he was, standing right in her path.

“白 师叔！”
Taking a deep breath, she coolly said, “Sect Sect Uncle Bai!”

周心琪深吸口气，淡淡开口后，看都不看白小纯一眼，飘然而去，踏着蓝绫飞起，长裙飘舞，衬托绝美的容颜，看起来仿佛仙子一样，她平日里都是用这种方式驱赶身边的那些倾慕者，每次都很有作用，这种超然的态度，会使得她给人一种距离感，让人无法亲近。
Then, without so much as looking at him, she leapt onto her blue flying silk and flew up into the air. Her beauty made her seem almost like a female immortal, and so she often flew around in this fashion to avoid the toadies and sycophants. It was because such behavior that she seemed relatively distant and unapproachable.

白小纯很是高兴，背着小手，露出一副长辈的姿态，赞赏的望着周心琪，似乎毫不在意周心琪的态度，要的就是一句白师叔而已。
Bai Xiaochun happily tucked his hands behind his back like a member of the senior generation as he watched Zhou Xinqi fly away. He didn’t mind her attitude, all he wanted was to be called Sect Uncle Bai.

直至周心琪走远，白小纯这才心满意足的回到了洞府，他觉得今天完成了一个里程碑，终于得偿所愿，在洞府内，他拿出龙象化海经，仔细的看了看后，想起了天骄战时鬼牙的强悍，神色慢慢认真起来。
After she left, he returned to his own immortal's cave, feeling very much like he had reached a milestone on this day. Back inside, he pulled out the Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture and began to take a closer look. As he did, he thought back to how powerful Ghostfang had been in their fight, and suddenly his expression turned very serious.


“How does Ghostfang practice cultivation anyway?

“那鬼牙也不知道怎么修的，居然那么厉害 尤其是那几头厉鬼，与兽一样的操控，如果我也有一只凶兽就好了。”
He’s so incredible Especially those ghosts of his. He controls them almost like battle beasts. It sure would be great if I could have a beast of my own.”

白小纯回想那一战，心有余悸，想到这里时，他忽然内心一动，从储物袋内拿出一个木盒。
Thinking back to the fight, the lingering fear caused his heart to tremble. Suddenly, he remembered something, and slapped his bag of holding to produce a woode n box.

“育兽种 以后有机会去了北岸的话，或许 我获得一个属于自己的兽，也并非不可能，尤其是这个兽，还是我创造出来的！”
“The Beastbirth Seed If I ever have a chance to go to the north bank, then maybe I could get a beast of my very own. Furthermore, such a beast would have been created by me and me alone!”

白小纯想到育兽种的神奇，怦然心动，好半晌压下心绪，将这木盒收起。
After thinking about the miraculous Beastbirth Seed, his heart began to pound in excitement.

沉吟片刻后，他摇了摇头。
A long moment passed, and then he shook his head.


Suppressing his excitement, he put the box away.

“打打杀杀的事情，我最厌烦了，还是快些到凝气大圆满，这样的话，就可以去筑基啦。”
“I hate fighting and killing more than anything else. I need to focus on getting to the great circle of Qi Condensation as soon as possible. That way I can step into Foundation Establishment.”

白小纯想到这里，按照龙象化海经的内容，开始修行。
With those thoughts on his mind, Bai Xiaochun set to work cultivating the Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture.

这龙象化海，虽可以完美嫁接紫气驭鼎，可修行的方式却不一样，并非是摆出各种姿势，而是有三幅图，第一幅图是一尊远古巨象，磅礴无比，仿佛力能开山，可轰鸣天地，那种肉身的极致之力，使得白小纯第一眼看去，全身不由的震动起来，仿佛体内所有血肉，都因这一幅图而震颤，隐隐符合某种特殊的规律
Although the Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture could be used to perfect the Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art, their cultivation techniques were completely different. Instead of depicting various postures to assume, the description in the scripture had three illustrations. The first depicted an enormous, primeval mammoth. It seemed preeminently powerful, strong enough to crush a mountain.

第二幅图是一条青龙，翻滚在云雾中，若隐若现，白小纯一眼看去，仿佛烙印一般，脑海中不由自主的就幻化出这幅画面，可这画面几乎刚刚出现，一息都不到，他的脑海就轰鸣起来，全身灵力不受控制的扩散，游走全身时，传来阵阵剧痛，白小纯猛地苏醒，全身已出了冷汗。
The idea of such incredible fleshly body power left Bai Xiaochun immediately shaken. All of his flesh and blood seemed to thrum just from the picture alone, as if it possessed a strange power of its own The second illustration depicted an azure dragon, twisting and turning among the clouds, which partially obscured it. When Bai Xiaochun looked at it, it seemed to brand itself into his mind.


All of a sudden, he could picture the image mentally.


And yet, as soon as that happened, the image faded away, and his mind filled with rumbling sounds.


At the same time, the spiritual power in his body seemed to surge out of control, swirling through him painfully.


He took back control, and a cold sweat broke out all over him.

“这是什么修行之法！”
“What kind of cultivation technique is this?”

白小纯深吸口气，没有去看第三幅图，而是仔细的研究了龙象化海经的口诀与内容。
Taking a deep breath, he declined to look at the third illustration. Instead, he went back to reexamine the Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture mnemonic.

半晌之后，他抬起头，目中露出思索，渐渐若有所思，有了明悟。
After a bit of time, he looked up, his eyes flickering with enlightenment.

“观想修行！” 白小纯喃喃低语。
“Cultivation via visualization!” he murmured.

这种修行之法很是玄妙，按照不同的阶段，去观看不同的图，借此来修行自身，可以想象，那三幅图上必定有某种神秘的天地之力，才可以让人在看到图时，影响自身。
It was a very mysterious form of cultivation. According to the level one had reached, one would observe various illustrations, and thus cultivate oneself. Presumably, the three illustrations contained some mysterious energy of heaven and earth that would affect the body upon observing them.

对于刚刚入门的弟子而言，这种方法根本就不适合去修行，一旦强行去修，甚至有可能反噬自身，唯有到了凝气八层后，体内灵力不少，才可以用这种方式修行。
To a disciple who had just joined the sect, such a method would not be very suitable for cultivation. Furthermore, attempting it would surely be harmful to the body. But after reaching the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and having built up a significant amount of spiritual power, it would then be possible to cultivate it.


After pondering for a bit, Bai Xiaochun decided not to set his aims too high.

白小纯深以为然，没有好高骛远，而是只看第一幅图，观想时，他身体颤抖，气血急速流转，仿佛暗中符合了不死皮的特性，全身银光闪耀，隐隐的，竟给白小纯一种感觉，似乎 这龙象化海，可以配合不死皮，使得威力更强。
He started with the first illustration, looking at it until he began to tremble visibly, and his qi and blood were flowing at top speed. As he did, his skin began to shine with silver light because of his Undying Skin. Gradually, Bai Xiaochun got the feeling that when combined with his Undying Skin, the


Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture could make him significantly stronger.


Time went by.

时间流逝，很快半个月过去，这半个月来，白小纯时而开炉炼药，一边修行龙象化海经，一边炼制灵药，使得自身修为慢慢增加的同时，他的不死皮，也慢慢的银色发深，精进不少。
During the half month which passed, Bai Xiaochun occasionally concocted some medicine while simultaneously cultivating the Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture. Slowly but surely, his cultivation grew. Furthermore, the silver color of his Undying Skin grew deeper.

与此同时，在修行这龙象化海经后，他发现自己的紫气驭鼎功，明明没有去修行，可对于紫气化鼎这一神通，居然突飞猛进，游刃有余。
Clearly, he was making progress with both. Soon, he realized that because of the Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture, he didn’t even need to cultivate his Violet Qi Cauldron Control Art to improve his Violet Qi Cauldron Summoning. It was naturally advancing by leaps and bou nds.

这一下现象，让白小纯很是吃惊，他想来想去，最终隐约的找到了答案。
Bai Xiaochun was shocked by this, but after thinking about it for a while, came to a conclusion about what was happening.

“龙象化海，这是一门辅助的功法，包容极强，可以让所有神通术法，威力增加，至于开卷语所说的桎梏 ”白小纯若有所思，半晌后右手抬起向前一指，立刻他的前方虚无一震，一尊紫色的大鼎蓦然出现。
“The Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture is a utility technique. With its help, all other divine abilities and magical techniques can become much more formidable. As for the shackles that the introduction mentioned” After some more thought, he waved his finger, causing an illusory violet cauldron to appear.

栩栩如真，不但比以往更庞大，威压一样强烈不少，甚至白小纯有种感觉，似乎自己一个想法，就可让这大鼎消散，化作灵力回到体内。
It looked very realistic, was larger than the cauldrons from before, and exerted formidable pressure. Bai Xiaochun could even sense that if he wished, he could disperse the cauldron and draw the resulting spiritual power back into his body .

他念头一动，顿时大鼎消失，阵阵灵气扑面而来，钻入体内后，补充了方才施展此神通的消耗。
With a thought, he did just that, and the spiritual energy rushed back inside of him, replenishing most of what he had wasted to use the divine ability.

白小纯立刻惊喜，这种游刃有余，能发能收，正是紫气化鼎到了大成后的特征。
Bai Xiaochun was delighted. Being able to easily unleash and retract the cauldron was a hallmark of making significant progress with Violet Qi

“有这个龙象化海经的辅助，我曾经想过的驭人，或许也有了希望！”
Cauldron Summoning. “With the help of the Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture, I actually might be able to develop that Human Controlling Grand Magic I thought of before!”

就在白小纯高兴时，忽然的，他神色一动，抬头看向洞府大门，掐诀一指，立刻大门模糊，竟快速透明起来，使得他可以看到外面的天地。
Even in his moment of joy, his expression suddenly flickered. Looking over at the main gate of his immortal's cave, he performed an incantation gesture and pointed out. The door faded away, becoming invisible from his perspective, allowing him to see outside.

此刻外面是黄昏，只见有上百道身影，正从远处天地呼啸而来，最快的数十人，甚至已到了白小纯洞府之外。
It was evening, and he could see over a hundred people flying in his direction from off in the distance. There were a few dozen who were faster than the others that reached his immortal's cave first.

人群里，有一个青年，这青年相貌俊朗，可却面色苍白，双眼血丝弥漫，整个人仿佛疯癫，似乎只要有人碰一下，就立刻会歇斯底里。
Among the group was a young man with handsome features. Unfortunately, his face was somewhat pale, and his eyes were bloods hot, as if with madness. He seemed unstable, as if the slightest poke might cause him to rave dementedly.

白小纯认识这青年，此人正是 北岸弟子北寒烈！
Bai Xiaochun immediately recognized the young man. He was none other than Beihan Lie from the north bank!

而北寒烈身边的数十人，每一个的修为，竟都超过了寻常的凝气九层，甚至还有十多位，居然是凝气大圆满，至于后面的上百人，任何一个，都赫然是凝气九层！
The few dozen people next to him all had cultivation bases which exceeded that of the ordinary ninth level of Qi Condensation. There were even ten or so who were in the great circle of Qi Condensation. Shockingly, the rest of the large group which was currently catching up all were in the ninth level of Qi Condensation!

尤其是北寒烈身旁的一个大汉，这大汉身子魁梧，整个人如一座小山，相貌与北寒烈有几分相似，一头长发飞舞，他站在那里，一言不发，可身上露出的气势，却是让白小纯心中一惊。
Next to Beihan Lie was a tall, muscular man who looked like a miniature mountain. His features were very similar to Beihan Lie’s, and he had long, flowing hair. He stood there next to Beihan Lie, unmoving, bursting with an energy that shocked even Bai Xiaochun.

那气息，已不是凝气能具备，甚至隐隐的，在这大汉的四周，仿佛存在了一个看不见的漩涡，使得八方的天地之力，居然都向他这里凝聚。
His aura seemed like something past the Qi Condensation stage, and he was surrounded by an invisible vortex that constantly gathered the surrounding energy of heaven and earth.

“上百个 凝气九、十层的内门弟子！”
“Over a hundred Inner Sect disciples all in the ninth and tenth levels of Qi Condensation!”

白小纯睁大了眼，觉得有些头皮发麻，赶紧掐诀一指，立刻他洞府的阵法，全面开启。
Bai Xiaochun’s eyes went wide, and he felt his scalp tingling. Without a moment of hesitation, he performed an incantation gesture and poi nted out, fully activating the cave’s spell formation.

这上百人，都是北岸的内门弟子，准确的说，都是来自落日峰，如今到来，是要为他们的师弟北寒烈报仇。
Every person in this group of over a hundred were Inner Sect disciples. More precisely, they were from Sunset Peak, and had come here to get revenge for their Junior Brother Beihan Lie.

这上百人出动，立刻引起了香云山内门弟子的注意，周心琪第一个走出洞府，与此同时，不少香云山的内门弟子也都快速飞出，将这上百人包围，在包围的刹那，立刻就有人认出了北寒烈身边的大汉，惊呼失声。
The actions of this large group had attracted the attention of the Inner Sect disciples from Fragrant Cloud Peak. Zhou Xinqi was the first to emerge from her own immortal's cave, and soon, large numbers of Inner Sect disciples were flying over from different locations. As they surrounded the group of a hundred, pe ople soon recognized the burly man standing next to Beihan Lie.

“灵气成漩，这是 这是超越了凝气，介乎于筑基之间，半步筑基的征兆！”
“Spiritual energy transformed into a vortex. That’s that’s an energy which exceeds Qi Condensation. That’s close to Foundation Establishment! He’s half a step into Foundation Establishment!”

“落日峰内门第一天骄，北寒风！”
“That’s the number one Inner Sect disciple from Sunset Peak, Beihan Feng!”

四周人立刻惊呼，白小纯在洞府也因阵法存在，也听到了外门的声音，顿时眼睛睁的又大了一些。
As everyone cried out in surprise and alarm, Bai Xiaochun sat there inside his immortal's cave, listening in with the aid of the spell formation. Soon, his eyes widened even further.

“诸位同门，天骄战南岸胜出，无可厚非，北寒恭贺，今日来此，与南北两岸无关，是我北寒家的私怨，这白小纯卑鄙无耻，害的我族弟悔恨一生，我身为兄长岂能忍下！”
“Fellow disciples,” Beihan Feng said, “I can’t blame the south bank for winning the Chosen battles. In fact, I offer my congratulations. My purpose in coming here today has nothing to do with matters between the south and north banks. This is a private matter of the Beihan Clan.


The shameless and despicable Bai Xiaochun inflicted a wound upon my clan’s Junior Brother that will never be healed.


As his Elder Brother, how could I simply sit and do nothing?

“这一次前来，要为我族弟，要一个交代！”
“I have come here today to take compensation for my Junior Brother!”

北寒风话语传出，不等四周香云山内门弟子回答，就猛地看向白小纯的洞府。
Before any of the Fragrant Cloud Peak Inner Sect disciples could even respond, he looked over at Bai Xiaochun’s immortal's cave.

“白小纯，你给我滚出来！”
“Bai Xiaochun, get the hell out here right now!”

一旁的北寒烈，双眼赤红，隐隐有泪花，他歇斯底里的向着白小纯的洞府，发出凄厉的大吼。
Off to the side, tears appeared to be willing up in Beihan Lie’s bloods hot eyes. Staring at Bai Xiaochun’s immortal's cave, he screamed hysterically,

“白小纯，滚出来！”
“Bai Xiaochun, get your ass out here!”

就在这北寒兄弟二人开口之后，洞府内，传出白小纯委屈的声音。
After the Beihan brothers’ words faded away, Bai Xiaochun spoke, sounding very wronged.

“你们不讲理啊，我当时就说让你认输了，这不怨我啊，当时那条大狗扑到你身上时，我还想着要去把你们分开 ”
“You people are so unreasonable! I gave you a chance to concede, didn’t I? You can’t blame me. When that big dog pounced on you, I even thought of trying to separate you two”

“闭嘴，白小纯，你出来，我北寒烈与你势不两立！”
“Shut UP, Bai Xiaochun!” Beihan Lie shrieked. “Get out here right now! My differences with you are irreconcilable!”

北寒烈怒吼，他觉得白小纯是故意揭开自己的伤疤，此刻疯了一样的冲出，轰击白小纯的洞府阵法，似要把这短时间所有的怨气都发泄出来。
It was as if Bai Xiaochun had just opened up old wounds. Beihan Lie looked insane as he charged forward and slammed into the immortal's cave spell formation, seemingly intent on venting all of his pent up anger right then and there.

白小纯看的心惊肉跳，可发现阵法只是波动，没有丝毫要被破开的迹象后，这才放下心来，打定主意绝不出去，看着发狂的北寒烈，白小纯叹了口气，继续劝说。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart trembled in fear, but when he saw that the surface of the spell formation simply rippled a bit, and clearly wasn’t even close to breaking, he calmed down a bit. Vowing not to go out, he looked at the maddened Beihan Lie and sighed. “Beihan Lie,” he called out.

“北寒烈，其实也没什么啊，你这样想啊，你那条大狗和你有了这样密切的关系，说不定因祸得福，从此之后你的驭兽之法，一定会更厉害 ”白小纯是真的想去劝说安慰，可他不安慰倒好，这么一安慰，北寒烈直接就炸了，怒吼滔天。
“Listen, it’s really not that big of a deal. Think about it. Now that you and that big dog have a much closer relationship, you could say that you’ve profited from disaster. Your beast controlling magic will probably be much more incredible from here on out” Bai Xiaochun really did want to comfort Beihan Lie, and yet, before he could even finish speaking, Beihan Lie exploded in fury.

就连北寒风也都面色阴沉，一步走到白小纯的洞府外，一掌落下，轰的一声，阵法颤抖，看的白小纯心底狂震。 “住手！”
Beihan Feng’s face turned grim, and he took a step forward and smashed his palm into the spell formation. The formation trembled, and Bai Xiaochun’s heart began to pou nd.

这一刻，四周的香云山内门弟子看不下去了，他们与白小纯不熟，可如今被落日峰打上门来，若就这么眼睁睁的看着他们出手，怕是日后香云山的内门弟子，立刻会在灵溪宗声名扫地。
By this point, the Fragrant Cloud Peak Inner Sect disciples couldn't stand idly by any longer. Although they weren’t very familiar with Bai Xiaochun, if they just stood around while a bunch of Sunset Peak disciples came and did whatever they wanted, the reputation of the Fragrant Cloud Peak Inner Sect would reach rock bottom.

此刻四周的香云山内门弟子，瞬间冲出，要去阻拦时，北寒兄弟带来的上百人，全部散开，纷纷阻挡，彼此没有生死斗，只是阻拦香云山的内门弟子，让他们无法短时间去干扰北寒风。
“Stay your hand!” people began to shout. The Fragrant Cloud Peak Inner Sect disciples flew forward to interfere, but before they could reach the immortal's cave, the Sunset Peak disciples blocked their paths. No deadly combat broke out, all the Sunset Peak disciples had to do was block the paths of the Fragrant Cloud Peak disciples long enough to give Beihan Feng some time.

这种事情，已经是两座山之间的私斗了，属于是触犯了门规，可北寒风不在意了，北寒家族一样是荣耀家族，只要不杀人，犯不了大罪。
The situation had already reached the point where open conflict was breaking out between the disciples of two mountain peaks, which was a violation of sect rules. However, Beihan Feng didn't care. The Beihan Clan was also a Prestige clan, so as long as he didn't actually kill anyone, he wouldn’t be punished very severely.

轰鸣剑，白小纯的洞府阵法，立刻扭曲，波动更强力，但这做洞府非同寻常，白小纯开始还很紧张，可看着看着，发现依旧没事后，立刻就松了口气。
Rumbling could be heard as the spell formation began to twist and distort, and the ripples became more intense. However, this was not an ordinary immortal's cave. At first, Bai Xiaochun was worried, but soon he realized that nothing more was happening, and he relaxed.

可他心底善良啊，他也觉得不好意思，于是再次去解释劝说。
However, being a good person, he really felt bad, and therefore decided to offer more advice about how to resolve the situation.

“这事真的不怨我 要不你把那条大狗炖了吧，你把它吃了，这样以后谁都知道北寒烈英武不凡，谁敢扑他，他就吃了谁 ”白小纯说着说着，觉得好像自己跑偏了 正要绕回来时，门口外的北寒烈，直接气的喷出一大口鲜血，整个人披头散发，发出凄厉之音，居然发昏了，一头狠狠撞在阵法上。
“You really can’t blame me How about you make dog stew out of that dog? That way everyone will know that Beihan Lie is manly and tough, and that he’ll eat anyone who pounces on him” By that point, he realized that maybe he’d gone a bit too far, and was about to rein things back in when Beihan Lie coughed up a massive mouthful of blood. Hair completely disheveled, and almost completely out of his mind, he head-butted the spell formation.

这一幕，看的白小纯心惊肉跳。
Bai Xiaochun’s heart continued to pou nd in terror.

第一百章 还不向你白师叔认错
0099 chapter-100

白小纯更委屈了，他早就发现了，自己这里每次但凡遇到需要去解释的时候，总是会莫名其妙的弄巧成拙。
Bai Xiaochun felt more wronged than ever. Of course, he had long since come to the realization that whenever he needed to explain himself the most, he would go ove rboard and end up with egg on his face.

这不是他的本意啊，他也不想的
That wasn’t his intention nor his desire

北寒烈的兄长北寒风，也被白小纯的解释，直接怒意燃烧，深吸口气后，他的右手竟在这一瞬，出现了阵阵黑芒，眨眼间竟在他的手心内，出现了一个黑色的弯月！
Bai Xiaochun’s explanation enraged Beihan Feng even further. He took a deep breath and waved his hand, causing pulses of black light to instantly form in his palm, which rapidly took the shape of a black crescent moon!

如同是落日后的月亮，可这黑色的月亮，散发出的却是阵阵让人心神震动的恐惧之力，向着白小纯的洞府阵法，直接按去。
It was like the moon on the darkest of nights, and pulsed with a terrifying power that caused the heart to pound. Beihan Feng immediately shoved the moon toward the cave’s spell formation.

轰的一声，整个洞府都颤动了几下，洞府外的阵法强烈的扭曲，甚至有不少地方出现了碎裂的征兆，可最终 还是没有崩溃，甚至眨眼间就恢复如常。
A boom echoed out, and the entire immortal's cave trembled. The spell formation shield outside distorted madly, and even seemed to be on the verge of cracking open in several places. However, in the end it didn't break. In the blink of an eye, it was back to normal.

这一幕，哪怕是北寒风也都倒吸口气，这洞府阵法之强，让他觉得极为头痛，此刻狠狠一咬牙，正要继续出手。 可就在这时，一声冷哼，从远处天空蓦然传来。
Even Beihan Feng gasped. The strength of this spell formation was giving him quite a headache. Gritting his teeth in fury, he was just about to continue attacking, when all of a sudden a cold snort could be heard from off in the distance.

“北寒风，你在干什么，还不住手！”
“Beihan Feng, what are you doing? Stay your hand immediately!”

这声音如同闷雷，直接在北寒风身边炸开，轰鸣八方的同时，也将北寒烈也震的不发疯了，胆战心惊的赶紧退后。
The voice echoed like thunder, causing everything to shake, especially around Beihan Feng. Trembling, even Beihan Lie ceased his ravings and fell back, heart pounding with fear.

四周落日峰的内门弟子，也都一个个面色变化，齐齐退后停手，抬头看向天空，只见六道长虹，从远处的种道山疾驰而来，刹那临近。
The other Inner Sect disciples from Sunset Peak all retreated, faces falling. Looking up, they saw six beams of light flying through the air toward them, coming from Mount Daoseed.

吼出那句话语的，正是其中一个中年男子，此人穿着黑色的长袍，方脸怒目，整个人散发出一股毁灭的气息。
The person who had just spoken was a middle-aged man, clad in a black robe. Fury filled his face, and he emanated a terrifyingly destructive aura.

“师尊 ”北寒烈与北寒风，被这中年男子的怒吼吓的心神颤抖，赶紧拜见，四周其他落日峰的内门弟子，一个个都在颤抖，齐齐低头。
Beihan Lie and Beihan Feng both murmured, “Master” Trembling, they clasped hands in greeting, and as for all the other Inner Sect disciples from Sunset Peak, they trembled and bow ed their heads.

“拜见掌座。”
“Greetings, peak lord.”

这中年男子，正是北寒烈的师尊，也就是天骄战时，狠狠的瞪了白小纯一眼，抱着北寒烈离去的落日峰掌座。
The middle-aged man was none other than Beihan Lie’s Master, and the peak lord of Sunset Peak, who had glared angrily at Bai Xiaochun when he took Beihan Lie away from the Chosen battles.

“不成器的东西，丢然显眼，还不滚去一旁，稍后老夫再收拾你们！”
“You ill-mannered curs!” he shouted. “Could you lose any more face than this? Get your asses off to the side, I’ll deal with you later!

“还有你等，回去后每个人闭关三年，作为惩罚！”
Everyone else, when you get back to the mountain, go into secluded meditation for three years as punishment!”

中年男子怒道，北寒风兄弟二人心神颤抖，有些不知道发生了什么事情，他们虽然触犯了门规来到这里，可一向对他们很是慈祥的师尊，不应该如此愤怒啊，毕竟当日师尊也对白小纯这里，很是愤怒。
The Beihan siblings were trembling inwardly, unsure of exactly what was happening. They knew that their actions were a violation of sect rules, but they couldn’t imagine what had riled up their normally kind and gentle master. After all, back when the original incident had occurred, their Master had also been furious with Bai Xiaochun. The Beihan siblings both assumed that something else must have happened that they weren’t aware of, and it left their hearts simmering with fear.

北寒烈兄弟二人隐隐觉得有些自己不知道事情发生了，心底不妙，忐忑的退后时，看向天空的师尊，这一看，更是头皮发麻，落日峰掌座身边，竟分别是北岸另外三座山峰的掌座，尤其是鸢尾峰的掌座老妪，更是神色不善，冷眼看着落日峰的那些弟子。
Stepping back anxiously, they looked up at their Master floating there in midair, and their scalps began to tingle. Next to the peak lord of Sunset Peak were the three peak lords from the north bank. The peak lord from Irispetal Peak, the old woman, looked especially displeased as she stared down coldly at the Sunset Peak disciples.

除了北岸四个掌座都在外，掌门郑远东也在其中，还有一人，神色淡然，仿佛毫不在意下方众弟子的争执，他是 香云山掌座，李青候。
In addition to the four peak lords from the north bank, Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong was also present, as was another individual. That final individual wore a cool expression on his face, as if he didn’t care at all about the dispute playing out dow n below.

这情况，不但落日峰的这些弟子觉得不妙，香云山的内门弟子，也都诧异，纷纷觉得这一幕有些诡异 要知道北岸一向狂傲，如今天的事情，以往也发生过数次，每次都是北岸那边大事化小，小事化了。
He was pe ak lord of Fragrant Cloud Peak, Li Qinghou. Sinking feelings rose up in the hearts of the Sunset Peak disciples, and as for the Inner Sect disciples of Fragrant Cloud Peak, they were completely taken aback. Everyone suddenly felt as if something completely odd were taking place The truth was that the north bank usually acted in domineering fashion.


When situations similar to this had arisen in the past, and they had, the north bank would usually put the south bank in place quickly, even with big issues.

如今天这样，居然如此怒斥，极为少见。
For them to be as enraged as they were today was a rare thing.

就连洞府内的白小纯，也都怔了一下，好奇的看向洞府外的众人。
Sitting there in his immortal's cave, Bai Xiaochun was also shocked as he stared at the crowd outside.

半空中，北岸四座山峰的掌座，彼此看了看后，鸢尾峰的老妪干咳一声，看向李青候。
Up in midair, the four north bank peak lords looked around at the scene down below. Then the old woman from Irispetal Peak cleared her throat and looked over at Li Qinghou.

“李掌座，按照咱们之前商议的，你看 ”
“Peak Lord Li, about what we were discussing earlier, do y ou think?”

“若没有出方才的岔子也就罢了，现在我也为难，你们自己谈好了。”
Li Qinghou shook his head slightly and said, “Were it not for this little mishap, I would have agreed. But this complicates matters. You’re on your own now.”

李青候摇头，淡淡开口，目光扫了眼下方白小纯的洞府，眼中有一抹笑意。
With that he looked down at Bai Xiaochun’s immortal's cave, a faint smile on his face.

“这 ”鸢尾峰老妪迟疑了一下，有些头痛的看向落日峰中年男子，落日峰掌座心底长叹，知道麻烦是自己这里的弟子引起的，只能自己来解决，于是脸上露出笑容，看向白小纯的洞府。
“Er” The old woman glanced over at the peak lord from Sunset Peak, looking a bit frustrated. The peak lord from Sunset Peak sighed, well aware that the trouble had been caused by disciples from his own mountain peak. That meant that he had to resolve the situation. Plastering a smile onto his face, he looked dow n at Bai Xiaochun’s immortal's cave.

“小纯师弟 ”这四个字他说出口后，自己都觉得非常别扭，整个人都不好了，可却没办法，他们北岸四峰商议后，都会白小纯的发、情丹极为重视，甚至也都研究了那些战兽，得出的结论是哪怕一阶血脉，都可以被影响。
“Junior Brother Xiaochun” The words almost stuck in his mouth on the way out, but he managed to utter them. There was really no other choice. After some discussion, the north bank leadership had come to the conclusion that Bai Xiaochun’s Aphrodisiac Pill was of critical importance to them. After some further study of the battle beasts which had been affected, they realized that the pill could even affect first order bloodlines.


That virtually drove them crazy.

这就让他们疯狂了，这丹药对北岸来说，将是圣物一样，要知道有太多强悍的战兽，因各种原因，很难留下后代，甚至那些一阶血脉，往往数十上百年才有一次发情的时候，这也是北岸多少年来最头痛的几个问题之一。
To the north bank, Bai Xiaochun’s medicinal pill was almost like a holy relic. For various reasons, it was often difficult for some of the most powerful battle beasts to breed. There were even some first order bloodline beasts that would only go into heat once every few dozen years, or even once in a hundred years. That had been one of the most frustrating problems for the north bank for years on end.

尤其是眼下，落日峰的两尊圣兽之一的碧眼冥月猴，就快要寿元断绝，可却没有血脉留下，迫在眉睫。
A perfect example was the blue-eyed nethermoon ape, one of Sunset Peak’s two holy beasts. It was reaching the end of its lifespan, and still had not produced any offspring.

可眼下，白小纯的丹药居然如此逆天，让北岸这四个掌座，势在必得，只是查找了无数资料，也没找到有关这个丹药的描述，最后他们不得不确定，这是一枚 白小纯自创的丹药！
It was a very critical situation. But then Bai Xiaochun came along with his heaven-defying medicinal pill, which the four peak lords of the north bank were determined to acquire. Unfortunately for them, no amount of research led them to any description of the pill, and eventually they had no choice but to acknowledge that the pill had been invented by Bai Xiaochun.

这才找到了掌门，找到了李青候，想要拥有。
Afterward, they went to the sect leader and Li Qinghou to ask for it.

若是换了其他弟子，哪怕是内门弟子，他们只要一句话，此事简单的很，甚至有太多方法，可以让弟子乖乖上缴丹方，可白小纯不一样 他是荣耀弟子，是掌门师弟，这样的身份，让他们只能想办法去换，无法用其他方式获得。
If it were any other disciple, even an Inner Sect disciple, all they would have to do was express their desire, and it would be fulfilled. There were many ways to force such a disciple to obediently hand over the pill formula. But Bai Xiaochun was different He was a Prestige disciple, and with that status, they had no choice but to offer him compensation of some sort.

甚至还需要白小纯同意才可，不能去强迫 原本在掌门的调和下，已经与李青候达成了一些条件，可还没等他们商量完，就听说落日峰的弟子去找白小纯的麻烦，顿时这北岸的四个掌座怒了。
Furthermore, without Bai Xiaochun’s consent, they would never be able to get the pill, forcing him to hand it over wasn’t an option The peak lords had all discussed the matter. and even agreed to some demands put forth by Li Qinghou, but before they could formalize the agreement, they got news that the Sunset Peak disciples had gone to cause trouble for Bai Xiaochun. The four peak lords from the north bank were instantly enraged.

生怕落日峰的弟子不知道分寸，得罪了白小纯，使得换取丹药的难度加大。
Their biggest fear was that the Sunset Peak disciples wouldn’t control themselves, and end up offending Bai Xiaochun, thus making it even harder for them to acquire his medicinal pill.

这才有了方才落日峰掌座怒斥的一幕。
And that was what had led to the current scene.

“小纯师弟，还请出来说话。”
“Junior Brother Xiaochun, would you mind coming out to discuss something?”

落日峰的掌座，努力挤出和蔼可亲的样子，声音也都轻柔了好多，这话语一出，四周所有落日峰的弟子，全部都身体一颤，北寒风兄弟二人，更是睁大了眼，呆若木鸡。
The peak lord from Sunset Peak did his best to seem as friendly as possible, keeping his voice calm and mild. The surrounding Sunset Peak disciples were shaking, and the Beihan siblings stood there wide-eyed, as mute as woode n chickens.

洞府内，白小纯眼珠转动，诧异的看着外面这一幕，他觉得很不对劲，又看到了李青候之前的目光，若有所思，尽管不知道发生了什么，可心底却起了无数的猜测。
Inside his immortal's cave, Bai Xiaochun looked up for a moment in thought. What was happening outside seemed odd, to say the least, especially considering the look in Li Qinghou’s eyes. After a bit of thought, he couldn’t pinpoint exactly what was happening, but he had some speculations.

“你的那些弟子太凶了，要打死我，我小命差点就没了，我可不敢出去 ”白小纯心里想着事，嘴上委屈的开口，传出话语。
Finally, he spoke out in a bemoaning voice. “Those disciples of yours are too fierce. I just about lost my poor little life right now. I really don’t dare to go out”

他话语楚楚可怜，传出后，北寒风兄弟二人只觉得一口凉气从背后升起，四周其他的落日峰弟子，也都纷纷神色大变，他们依然看出了北岸四个掌座对白小纯的重视程度，那近乎是讨好了，这个时候，白小纯如此开口，他们的下场可以想象。
The heartrending way he spoke caused a cold wind to creep up the backs of the Beihan siblings. As for the other Sunset Peak disciples, their faces flickered with various emotions. They could all see how seriously the four peak lords seemed to take Bai Xiaochun, and how ingratiating they were being. After hearing Bai Xiaochun’s response, they could only imagine what fate was in store for them later.

李青候与郑远东，面皮微微抽动起来时，落日峰掌座猛地转头，狠狠的看着那些落日峰的弟子，低吼一声。
The faces of Li Qinghou and Zheng Yuandong twitched slightly, and the peak lord from Sunset Peak turned to glare angrily at his disciples before shouting,

“还不快向你们白师叔认错！”
“Apologize to your Sect Uncle Bai immediately!”

那些落日峰的弟子，一个个哭丧着脸，赶紧抱拳向着洞府认错。
Looking like they were about to cry, the Sunset Peak disciples immediately clasped hands in the direction of Bai Xiaochun’s immortal's cave and apologized.

北寒烈悲愤欲绝，正要挣扎，可看到师尊严厉的目光，他委屈的低下头，向着洞府抱拳。
In his grief and indignation, Beihan Lie was about to argue, but when he saw the fierce gleam in his Master’s eyes, he bowed his head and clasped his hands toward the immortal's cave.

“白师叔 我 我 我错了！”
“Sect Uncle Bai I I I apologize!”

北寒风沉默，挣扎中抬头望着师尊，看到师尊的目光越发凌厉后，他心底一颤，额头青筋鼓起，可却不能不抱拳认错。
Beihan Feng looked up sullenly at his Master, only to find the look in the man’s eyes growing sharper by the second. Heart trembling, veins bulging out on his forehead, he had no choice but to clasp hands and apologize.

整个人都颤抖了，看向洞府的目光，已是怒火滔天。
Everyone was left shaking and staring in anger at the immortal's cave.

“小纯师弟，你看这样可好？” 落日峰掌座赶紧开口，努力让自己更和蔼可亲一些。
Trying very much to seem pleasant, the peak lord from Sunset Peak said, “Junior Brother Xiaochun, how was that?”

半晌后，洞府阵法出现了一道裂缝，白小纯的头钻了出来，四下赶紧看了一眼，这才干咳一声，大摇大摆的走出，抬起小下巴，一副趾高气昂的样子。
After a moment passed, an opening appeared in the spell formation, and Bai Xiaochun poked his head out. After looking around, he coughed dryly, then swaggered out, chin stuck up, looking as arrogant as ever. “Let bygones be bygones.

“算了算了，我身为长辈，不会与这些师侄一般计较的。”
As a member of the senior generation, I won’t lower myself to bickering with these Sect Nephews.”

白小纯很是大度的小袖一甩。
With that, he swished his sleeve.

他身前的北寒烈眼睛血丝弥漫，整个人颤抖，恨不能上去一拳打在白小纯的脸上，可却不敢这么做，他的兄长北寒风也都觉得天地旋转，那种憋屈的感觉，让他要发狂。
Beihan Lie stood there, eyes bloods hot, trembling violently. It looked as if he almost couldn’t restrain himself from leaping forward and punching Bai Xiaochun in the face. However, he didn’t dare to do such a thing.

二人的目光，让白小纯生气了，他狠狠的瞪了过去，心中暗道这个时候，谁怕谁啊，比眼神，我白小纯这辈子还从来没怕过别人。
His Elder Brother Beihan Feng felt as if the world were spinning around him, as if he were about to go mad. The looks in their eyes angered Bai Xiaochun, who glared over at them fiercely. Now who’s afraid? he thought.

“小纯，你的那枚可以让战兽发 情的丹药，可是你自己独创？”
Not me! I'm not afraid of anybody !

落日峰掌座深吸口气，柔声问道。
The peak lord from Sunset Peak took a deep breath. Voice calm, he said,


“Xiaochun, that aph aphrodisiac pill of yours.

他这一出口，老妪以及另外两个北岸掌座，都看向白小纯，目中露出期待，北寒兄弟二人只觉得脑海嗡的一声，彻底明白了因果，二人苦涩，对白小纯这里，更为憎恨。
Did you create it yourself?” As the words left his mouth, the other peak lords from the north bank all looked down with anticipation gleaming in their eyes. The Beihan siblings’ minds reeled as they suddenly realized what was happening. In their bitterness, their hatred for Bai Xiaochun grew even stronger.

白小纯眨了眨眼，心里顿时明白了原因，一挺胸口，抬头傲然的点头。
Bai Xiaochun blinked a few times as he also came to realize what was happening. Sticking his chest out, he grandly.

“没错，那伟大的丹药，正是我白小纯独门秘方，外人谁也炼不出来，只有我自个能炼制！”
“That's right. That mighty medicinal pill was created using a secret formula that I myself created. No one except for me can concoct it!”

北岸四个掌座，立刻心底喜悦，可神色却不露太多，落日峰的中年男子微微一笑，点头开口。
The four peak lords’ hearts swelled with joy, but they did their best to keep it from showing it on their faces. The peak lord from Sunset Peak smiled and .

“小纯师弟如此年轻，就能独创丹方，不愧是天骄，这枚丹药的丹方，对我灵溪宗至关重要，老夫拿出十万贡献点，换取你的丹方，如何？
“Junior Brother Xiaochun,” he said in the most charming fashion possible, “the fact that you were able to create a pill formula like that at such a young age shows that you truly deserve to be called Chosen. That pill formula is of vital importance to the Spirit Stream Sect. How about I offer you 100,000 merit points for it?

小纯师弟，你将这丹方换给宗门，可是造福整个宗门的大事，你身为荣耀弟子，宗门就是你的家啊。” 落日峰中年男子淳淳善诱。
What do you say? Junior Brother Xiaochun, if you give that pill formula to the sect, it would be a great service. As a Prestige disciple, our sect is your home, you know.”

“好啊！”
“Very well!”

白小纯立刻开口，大有一副我为宗门赴汤蹈火的模样，甚至直接就说起了丹方，北岸四个掌座顿时惊喜。
Bai Xiaochun replied, looking as though he’d just gone through hell and high water for the sect. With that, he began to explain the pill formula to the four delighted peak lords.

“丹方是明决子，菩木花，灵冬竹，还有 咦，还有什么来着，怎么想不起来了，莫非是方才被人惊吓后，忘了？”
“The ingredients are Brightburst Seed, Paradise Wood Flower, spiritwinter bamboo, a nd e ee? What else? How come I can’t think of it? Could it be that


I was so frightened just now that I forgot it?”

白小纯又皱起眉头，冥思苦想。
Bai Xiaochun stood there frowning in thought.

李青候嘴角露出笑容，郑远东有些无奈，北岸四个掌座，一个个人成精了，岂能看不出原因，纷纷苦笑时，落日峰掌座一咬牙，不善的看向下方的落日峰弟子。
Li Qinghou’s mouth twisted into a smile, and Zheng Yuandong shrugged helplessly. The four peak lords immediately realized what was happening, and smiled bitterly. The peak lord from Sunset Peak gritted his teeth and glared angrily over at his disciples.

被他目光扫过，包括北寒兄弟二人的所有落日峰弟子，都全部身体一颤。
As his gaze passed over them, the Sunset Peak disciples, including the Beihan siblings, all shivered.

第一百零一章 水泽国度与元磁翅！
0100 chapter-101

落日峰掌座冷哼一声，右手袖子一挥，立刻一股大力轰然落下，此地那些落日峰的弟子，都是全身颤抖，一个个仿佛山峦压顶，心底叫苦，连连哀嚎。
The peak lord from Sunset Peak let out a cold harrumph and waved his right sleeve. Instantly, a powerful force descended onto the trembling Sunset Peak disciples. To them, it felt like mountains were crushing down on them, provok ing miserable shrieks of pain.

尤其是那北寒烈兄弟二人，更是在这威压下，面容凄苦，体内修为都颤抖，心底对白小纯的狠，更强烈了，可却不敢露出丝毫。
The Beihan siblings felt even more pressure than the others. Their faces twisted in pain as their cultivation bases shook. Although their hatred for Bai Xiaochun surged, they couldn’t let any of it show on their faces.

“你等还不滚回北岸，每个人都去闭关十年，不得外出！”
“The lot of you had better get the hell back to the north bank this instant! Go into secluded meditation and don’t come out for ten years!”

落日峰掌座虽出手，可这些人毕竟是他落日峰的弟子，他看似严厉，可实际上也有袒护，此刻话语间，大袖甩动，一股狂风扫过，直接卷着此地上百落日峰弟子，甩向远方。
Although the peak lord of Sunset Peak was the one to take action, these were disciples from his mountain peak, so he was actually protecting them to some extent. Although he seemed to be acting harshly, he actually was sympathetic to their cause. With a wave of a sleeve, he caused a powerful wind to spring up that swept the Sunset Peak disciples off into the distance.

这才重新看向白小纯，脸上强挤出笑容，一字一字的开口。 “小纯，你现在能想起来了么？”
Looking back at Bai Xiaochun, he plastered another smile onto his face and slowly said, “Xiaochun, can you remember now?”

白小纯知道自己不能太过，他做人懂得分寸，知道此刻这个结果已是最好了，闻言干咳一声，心底很是得意。
Bai Xiaochun knew that he shouldn’t push things too far. Things had already worked out quite well for him, so he cleared his throat in satisfaction.

“哈哈，师兄不用如此，我白小纯是荣耀弟子，是掌门师弟，这些小辈师侄虽然胡闹，可我怎么会和他们一般见识呢，都是一群小孩子顽劣而已。”
“Hahaha! There’s no need for all of this, Elder Brother. As a Prestige disciple, and the Junior Brother of the sect leader, how could I lower myself to the same level as those raucous Sect Nephews? What a bunch of naughty and mischievous kids.”

白小纯摆出一副大家是同辈的模样，落日峰掌座心底苦笑，一旁的郑远东也都干咳一声，心底不知多少次的去懊悔当初的决定。
The way Bai Xiaochun was acting as if he really were of the same generation as him caused the peak lord of Sunset Peak to grimace inwardly. Off to the side, Zheng Yuandong cleared his throat, and yet again wished he could take back his impulsive decision from years before.

白小纯装作没看到，一拍胸口，压下心中的得意，正要说出余下的丹方。
Bai Xiaochun ignored the strange looks and puffed his chest out. Suppressing his feeling of pride, he prepared to finish explaining the pill formula.

可就在这时，李青候咳嗽一声。
At that point, Li Qinghou cleared his throat.

“对于药师而言，每一个独创的灵药，其丹方都是极为珍贵，北岸想要丹方，不知要以什么来换。”
“Self-created pill formulas are precious to apothecaries,” he said coolly. “I wonder what else the north bank has prepared to offer in exchange for the formula.”

白小纯眨了眨，站在一旁不说话了，眼巴巴的看着北岸四个掌座。
Bai Xiaochun blinked, and then stood there looking up at the four north bank peak lords. The peak lords exchanged glances.

北岸四个掌座彼此看了眼，鸢尾峰的老妪右手从袖子里拿出一颗珠子。
Then the old woman from Irispetal Peak pulled out a green pearl filled with swirling mist. The magnetic pulses it emitted caused everything in the area to fill with ripples. “This is a Protomagnetic Pearl,” she explained, “extracted from the heart of a Protomagnetic Giant.

这珠子青色，里面仿佛有一团气在流转，甚至更有阵阵磁力弥漫，使得四周出现一圈圈波动。
It even contains a bit of pure protomagnetic power. Used on its own, it can exert influence on all magical items within a certain area. Even to Foundation Establishment cultivators, it could be considered an extraordinary treasure. It would be difficult to use directly with only a Qi

“这枚元磁珠，取自一个元磁巨人的心核，具备一丝元磁之力，单独展开能影响一定范围内的法宝运转，对于筑基修士而言，也是不俗之宝，以凝气修为来施展或许有些勉强，不过天角阁内，有一对灵磁翅，彼此配合后，可作为凝气的杀手锏，速度之快，怕是筑基修士想要追赶，也会头痛！”
Condensation cultivation base. However, the Heavenhorn Pavilion happens to have a pair of magnetic spirit wings which, if used with the Protomagnetic Pearl, can be a powerful trump card for the Qi Condensation stage. With those wings, you could move so fast that even a Foundation Establishment cultivator would have a hard time keeping up with you!

“白小纯，你获得天骄战第一，有一次天骄阁选择宝物的资格，灵磁翅我已为你带来，以此珠，换丹方！”
“Bai Xiaochun, having taken first place in the Chosen battles, you have the right to go select any treasure you want from the Chosen Pavilion. I’ve already taken the liberty of bringing the magnetic spirit wings to give you, along with the pearl, in exchange for the pill formula!”

老妪开口时，右手一挥，手中又多出了一对青色的翅膀，与那珠子一起，飞向白小纯，漂浮在了白小纯的面前。
Even as the words left her mouth, the old woman waved her right hand, causing a set of green wings to appear. They, along with the pearl, flew over to float in front of Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes began to shine.

白小纯眼睛一亮，他的速度虽也不俗，可若筑基修士真心想要追击，还是不够，但现在，他望着面前的元磁珠玉灵磁翅，立刻就感受到了这两样法宝相互配合后，能爆发出的极致速度，这种能保命之物，他立刻心动。
He could already move with incredible quickness, but if a Foundation Establishment cultivator really wanted to chase him down, he wouldn’t be able to outrun them. However, with the Protomagnetic Pearl and the magnetic spirit wings in combination with his speed, he could move unbelievably quickly. A life-saving object such as that was something that left his heart pounding.

“而且，若你有足够的机缘，说不定可以感受元磁之力，感悟出我灵溪宗十大秘术中的引斥秘法！” 老妪皮笑肉不笑的淡淡开口。
“Furthermore,” the old woman continued with a stiff smile, “if luck is on your side, you might even be able to sense the manifestation of protomagnetic power. With that, you might be able to gain enlightenment of one of the top ten secret magics of the Spirit Stream Sect, Arcane Gravitational Repulsion!”

白小纯舔了舔嘴唇，正要一口答应，可却忍住，瞄了眼李青候，等待李青候的决定，白小纯早就把李青候当成了亲人，这种事情，他会听从李青候的意见，即便是李青候让他奉献出丹方，对于白小纯而言，也没什么大不了。
Bai Xiaochun licked his lips, and was just about to agree, when he suddenly stopped and looked over at Li Qinghou to see whether or not he approved. He had long since come to view Li Qinghou as one of his own relatives, and as such, would follow his lead. If Li Qinghou asked him to hand over the pill formula, then Bai Xiaochun would do s o without hesitation.

只不过是一个丹方而已，对于北岸来说这是圣物，可对他而言，他储物袋内那些不知道作用的怪丹还有不少，此刻也打定主意，回头一定挨个尝试一下，或许这些怪丹里，藏着很多奇妙的作用。
To him, it was just a pill formula. To the north bank, it was like a holy relic. The truth was that Bai Xiaochun had lots of mystery pills in his bag of holding. In fact, he was already coming to the conclusion that he should start testing some of them out to see what wondrous effects they might have.

李青候扫了眼元磁珠与灵磁翅，又看向北岸四个掌座，最后目光落在老妪身上，目中一闪，忽然开口。
Li Qinghou glanced at the Protomagnetic Pearl and the magnetic spirit wings, then looked over at the four north bank peak lords. Eventually, his gaze came to rest on the old woman.

“再加上十大秘法中，你们北岸传承的 水泽国度！”
Eyes glittering, he suddenly said, “Add in one of the other ten secret magics, the legacy of the north bank the Waterswamp Kingdom!”

李青候话语一出，掌门郑远东眼皮跳了一下。
As soon as the words left his mouth, Sect Leader Zheng Yuandong’s eyelids twitched.

“不可能！”
“Impossible!” barked the peak lord of Sunset Peak angrily.

落日峰的掌座，听闻李青候的大开口，立刻怒道，不但是他这里不同意，北岸穹顶峰的掌座老者，也立刻瞪起了眼。
He wasn’t the only one to disagree so vehemently. The peak lord of Archway Peak, the old man, glared at Li Qinghou with wide eyes. “Li the Swindler appears again!” he sneered. “This is preposterous!

“李黑子，你别太过分了，水泽国度，那是我们北岸的传承秘法，是灵溪宗十大秘法里，与鬼夜行平列的第一秘术，绝不可能给你们南岸！”
The Waterswamp Kingdom is a legacy of the north bank, one of the top ten secret magics of the Spirit Stream Sect! It’s a top-rated technique on the same level as Ghosts Haunt the Night. There is absolutely no way we’ll give it to someone from the south bank!”

白小纯在下面正看热闹，忽然听到穹顶峰掌座居然称呼李青候为李黑子，他愣了一下。
Bai Xiaochun looked up at the commotion above , and when he heard the peak lord from Archway Peak call Li Qinghou ‘Li the Swindler’, his jaw dropped.


“Is that suppos ed to be a joke?”


Li Qinghou said coldly, flicking his sleeve.

“笑话，一千年前，鬼夜行还是紫鼎山的传承秘法，不也一样被你们北岸交易走了，怎么今天换到我们南岸要你们的传承秘法，就不行了！”
“A thousand years ago, Ghosts Haunt the Night was the legacy of Violet Cauldron Peak! You north bank people were happy to take it away in trade, but now that the south bank wants to trade for one of your legacy secret magics, you refuse?

李青候袖子一甩，冷笑开口。
Ludicrous!”

北岸几个掌座一时语塞。
The north bank’s peak lords were at a loss for words.

鬼牙峰的掌座，是一个全身有些模糊的身影，样子也都模糊不清，此刻幽幽一叹。
The peak lord of Ghostfang Peak was a partially translucent figure whose features couldn't be seen clearly. Sighing, he said, “Ghosts Haunt the Night is a perfect match for Ghostfang Peak.

“鬼夜行本就适合我们鬼牙峰，罢了，这是陈年往事，不说了，只是这水泽国度，我们北岸多少年来，除了八千年前的天翼老祖外，虽还有一些人炼成，可最后形成的，都是无用之灵，此秘法太难，李掌座你又何苦为难我们。”
Besides, all that happened years ago. It’s not worth bringing up now. As far as the Waterswamp Kingdom goes, only a handful of people have ever successfully cultivated it, such as Patriarch Heavenwing, eight thousand years ago.

“没有水泽国度，不换丹方。”
Nobody else did anything with it other than produce some useless spirits. It's far too difficult. Peak Lord Li, why are you making things hard for us?” "No Waterswamp Kingdom?

李青候斩钉截铁。
No pill formula,” Li Qinghou said with decisiveness that could sever nails and chop iron. Bai Xiaochun looked up in wonderment as the peak lords argued about the Waterswamp Kingdom.

白小纯在下方，看着上面这些人在争执这水泽国度，心底诧异，他实际上觉得之前的条件已经很不错了，此刻心底纳闷，对于这水泽国度有了留意，同时对于李青候，有了新的了解，暗道李掌座平日里别看那么严肃，可敲起竹杠，实在是我辈楷模啊，莫非因为这个，被称呼为李黑子？
He had been under the impression that the offer was good enough already, although the Waterswamp Kingdom had always sounded interesting to him. At the same time, he had a new understanding of Li Qinghou. He was truly providing a shining example of how to rip people off.


Could that be why he had been called ‘Li the Swindler’?

想到这里，白小纯看向李青候时，目中已有崇拜。
Having reached this point in his train of thought, Bai Xiaochun looked up at Li Qinghou, his eyes shining with admiration.

北岸四个掌座沉吟，彼此传音，半晌后，还是选择了同意，毕竟传承秘法虽重要，可如今摆在眼前的，是那丹药的珍贵。
The north bank peak lords grumbled a bit, but in the end, agreed to the demands. Although their legacy secret magic was important, the medicinal pill was even more precious to them.

很快的，在李青候的示意下，白小纯赶紧将发情丹的丹方完整的说了出来，此丹方特殊，此地有几个掌座在，早已封印了四周，使得白小纯说的丹方，只有他们几人可以听到。
Moments later, Li Qinghou directed Bai Xiaochun to explain the complete formula for the Aphrodisiac Pill. Considering how important the pill was, the peak lords had long since sealed the area tight so that no one would be able to eavesdrop.

拿到了丹方后，北岸四个掌座彼此研究了片刻，纷纷点头后，一枚蓝色的玉简，从鸢尾峰老妪的手中飞出，直奔白小纯。
After Bai Xiaochun finished, the four peak lords took some time to examine the complete formula. Then they , and the old woman from Irispetal Peak tossed a blue jade slip out toward Bai Xiaochun.

“水泽国度，十大秘法之首，此神通需要观摩百兽，形成本命之灵，无中生有，以水泽化形，降临世间形成国度。”
“The Waterswamp Kingdom is one of the most powerful of the ten secret magics. It is a divine ability which requires that you observe all types of beasts, and use that knowledge to create your own life essence spirit.


Creating something from nothing, use the waterswamp to give it form, and summon a physical kingdom.

“灵溪宗万年来，除当年天翼老祖凝聚了一尊天翼兽，纵横八方，之后虽还有一些资质惊艳之辈修成，可形成的本命之灵，都是凡俗之物。”
“For the past ten thousand years, everyone in the Spirit Stream Sect who has attempted to form a life essence spirit have produced simple, ordinary creatures. The only exceptions are Patriarch Heavenwing, who formed a domineering Heavenwing Gargoyle, as well as a few others like him.

“此法最终能出现什么样的本命之灵，根据修炼者的心性于对灵兽的了解而定，一百个人修炼水泽国度，出现的将是一百种不同的本命之灵，可强可弱，天翼老祖出现的是强悍无边的天翼兽，可有的人出现的，却只是一只兔子，一些蛇虫而已。”
“As for what type of life essence spirit is formed, that depends on the cultivator's understanding of spirit creatures. If a hundred people cultivated the Waterswamp Kingdom, a hundred different life essence spirits would result, some powerful, some weak. Some, like the Heavenwing Gargoyle, were shockingly powerful. Others produced nothing more than a bunny or a snake.

“白小纯，你虽是南岸弟子，可我灵溪宗南北看似竞争，但终是一家，我希望你最终能修成，幻化出属于你的本命之灵。”
“Bai Xiaochun, you are a south bank disciple, and although there is competition between the north and south banks, we are all one family. I truly hope that you can succeed in cultivating your own life essence spirit.”

老妪望着白小纯，缓缓说道，虽如此开口，可无论是她还是另外三个掌座，都不认为白小纯可以将这水泽国度修炼大成。
Of course, despite her words, neither she nor any of the other three peak lords truly believed that Bai Xiaochun would have any measure of success in his cultivation of the Waterswamp Kingdom.

因为这水泽国度，需要观摩无数灵兽，而这一点在南岸是不具备的。
One reason for that, of course, was that the Waterswamp Kingdom required one to carefully observe and study a large number of spirit creatures, something that was virtually impossible to do on the south bank.

交易完成，北岸四个掌座与郑远东离去，李青候留了下来，看向白小纯时，他目中藏着慈祥，可看起来却很严厉。
The transaction having been completed, the four peak lords from the north bank left along with Zheng Yuandong. Li Qinghou stayed behind. There was warmth in his eyes, but it was hidden beneath the sharp look that suddenly appeared.

训斥了白小纯，让他不要因为天骄战的第一而骄傲，更是指点了白小纯修为上的一些不懂之处，最终还把那个手镯以及元磁珠的一些特殊的用法，也都详细指导。
He began by reprimanding Bai Xiaochun, telling him not to get arrogant over having taken first place in the Chosen battles. He then gave him some tips regarding his cultivation base, and finally gave him some more detailed information regarding the bracelet he’d given him, as well as the Protomagnetic Pearl. “The Protomagnetic Pearl and the magnetic spirit wings will be of great use to you.


Take the time to get familiar with how to use them.


As for the

“元磁珠与灵磁翅，对你用处很大，要多熟悉，还有那水泽国度，比我们香云山的草木皆兵要玄妙，还有龙象化海经，此功是我灵溪宗当年使得我宗从通天河末流杀到下游，开宗立派的第一老祖创造，你要多去观摩，日后我传授你草木皆兵时，以此经推动，效果更好。”
Waterswamp Kingdom, it’s even more profound than the Magic Plant Arsenal we have here on Fragrant Cloud Peak. By the way, the Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture was created by the founding patriarch of the sect, who led the campaign from the Heavenspan delta into the Lower Reaches. Make sure to study it well.


It will make things much smoother for you when I teach you the Magic Plant Arsenal technique.”

李青候又叮嘱了一番，这才离去。
After giving some more exhortation, he turned to leave.

白小纯心中感动，向着李青候抱拳深深一拜，没忍住，问了一句。 “李叔，那个 他们为什么叫你李黑子？
Profoundly moved, Bai Xiaochun clasped hands and bowed deeply. However, he couldn’t hold back from curiously asking, “Uncle Li, um why did they call you Li the Swindler?

太过分了！”
That was ridiculous!”

白小纯好奇的看向李青候。 李青候在半空脚步一顿，面色一黑，回头瞪了白小纯一眼。
Li Qinghou stopped in mid-stride. Face darkening, he glared back at Bai Xiaochun and said, “Stop prying into the affairs of adults!

“大人的事，你不用理会，你只需记住，我辈药师，药道珍贵，岂能轻易给人！”
Just remember that we apothecaries treasure the Dao of medicine. We don’t just give things out for free!”

说完，李青候转身离去。
With that, Li Qinghou left.

白小纯若有所思，目中更为钦佩，暗道十有，是李青候的丹药，让不少人觉得肉痛心黑
The more Bai Xiaochun thought about the matter, the more his eyes began to shine with praise. He was now almost completely convinced that acquiring medicinal pills from Li Qinghou must be quite a pain for most people

送走了李青候，他回到了洞府内，想起方才李青候所说的龙象化海经的来历，心底对于那位第一老祖，很是敬佩。
After Li Qinghou left, Bai Xiaochun went back into his immortal's cave. Now that he knew the Dragon Mammoth Sea-Forming Scripture was created by the founding patriarch of the sect, his heart swelled with admiration.

“那位第一老祖在开卷语中提到了桎梏，到底，什么是桎梏？”
“In the introduction to the scripture, the founding patriarch talked about shackles. I wonder what exactly those shackles are?”

白小纯沉思片刻，隐隐有些想法，可却无法证实，摇了摇头后，放在了心底，看向手中的元磁珠，按照李青候指导的方法，一口吞下。
After some more thought, he came up with some ideas, but had no way to confirm whether or not they were correct. Shaking his head, he pulled out the Protomagnetic Pearl and, following the instructions given by Li Qinghou, put it into his mouth and swallowed it.

这珠子入口化作了一团气，融入白小纯的体内，于丹田盘旋，没有什么不适，白小纯感受了一下，发现自己的身体似乎轻了一些，活动一番，立刻察觉速度比往常快了，仿佛与这天地间存在了某种奇异的联系。
The pearl dissolved into mist which flowed through his body and came to rest in his dantian region. There was nothing uncomfortable about the sensation, and in fact, he even felt a bit lighter. After moving around a bit, he realized that he could move even more quickly than before. It was almost as if some strange connection now existed between him and his surroundings.

白小纯大感神奇，又拿起灵磁翅，这一对青色的翅膀，薄如蝉翼，隐隐透明，白小纯张口吐出一口灵气，立刻将这翅膀炼化，一炷香后，他双眼一闪，手中的灵磁翅消失，出现了，已在了他的身后。
Filled with a sense of wonder, he produced the magnetic spirit wings. They were green, and as diaphanous as the wings of a cicada, almost transparent. After a moment, Bai Xiaochun exhaled some spiritual energy onto the wings, and they began to melt. It took the time it takes an incense stick to burn, and during the process, his eyes glittered.

一种血溶于水的感觉，仿佛那对灵磁翅成为了他身上的一部分，如同手臂一样可以操控自如，白小纯精神一振，心念微动，背后的翅膀猛地一煽。
Eventually, the wings melted into his palm, and then appeared on his back. Like blood dissolving in water, they became a part of him, and were as easy to control as his own arms. Expression brightening, he exercised a single thought, and the wings fluttered.

瞬间，白小纯的身体就化作了残影，直奔远处的岩壁撞击过去，吓的白小纯尖叫一声赶紧停下，可却没控制好，整个人直接撞在了岩壁上。
He instantly transformed into nothing more than afterimages, shooting at high speed toward the wall of the immortal’s cave. He let out a shriek as he tried to stop, but was unfamiliar with controlling the wings and slammed into the wall. A boom rang out, and the entire immortal's cave shook.

砰的一声，整个洞府都颤动了一下，可白小纯的肉身太硬，在这碰撞时，直接镶嵌到了岩壁里，好半晌才扑通一声掉了下来，发出哀嚎。
Thankfully, Bai Xiaochun’s fleshly body was quite tough, and nothing happened other than him ending up being embedded in the stone wall. After a long moment passed, he floppe d dow n onto the ground and let out a groan.

白小纯呲牙咧嘴，爬起来后心有余悸的看了眼被撞出一个坑的岩壁，不敢在洞府尝试，出了洞府后，重新鼓起勇气，背后翅膀一扇，瞬间直奔远处。
Gritting his teeth, he struggled to his feet and glanced up at the spot where he'd run into the wall. Not daring to perform any more tests indoors, he walked outside, summoned his courage, and then flapped the wings again. In the blink of an eye, he was far off in the distance.

数日后，白小纯已熟悉了这翅膀爆发出的速度，心中美滋滋的，大有一种天下无敌之感。
A few days later, he was much more familiar with how to control the speed of the wings, and it was a wonderful sensation. He almost felt invincible.

“哈哈，我白小纯有这种速度，周长老以后休想追上我！”
“Hahaha! I'm so fast that not even Elder Zhou could catch me!”

白小纯仰天大笑，身体一闪，在半空中绕了个圈，回到了洞府。
He threw his head back and laughed uproariously as he flew a few circles in the air before returning to his immortal's cave.

第一百零二章 有人在么？
0101 chapter-102

时间一晃过去数月，白小纯对于香云山内门弟子的区域，已非常熟悉，那种成为内门弟子的新鲜感，也渐渐少了。
Months flew by. Bai Xiaochun quickly became very familiar with the areas on Fragrant Cloud Peak set aside for the Inner Sect. Eventually, the novelty of being an Inner Sect disciple began to wear off.

平日里大都是在洞府，要么修行，要么就是于炼药房内炼制灵药，发情丹也被他炼制了不少。
He spent most of his time in his immortal's cave, either practicing cultivation or concocting medicine in his personal medicine concocting workshop. By this point, he had created quite a few Aphrodisiac Pills.

这样的日子，他觉得很开心，对他来说，修行就是为了长生，让自己的修为越来越高，从而获得更为悠久的寿元。
He was happy. His purpose in practicing cultivation was to live forever, and the higher his cultivation base grew, the greater his longevity became.

而炼制灵药，则是他的兴趣所在，他的理想是要炼制出长生不死丹，为了这个伟大的梦想，他不断地炼制灵药，只是现实的残酷，在几个月后体现出来，白小纯苦恼的发现，自己没有药草了。
His main interest was concocting spirit medicines. After all, he still dreamed of concocting a pill that could help him live forever. In order to make that dream come true, he constantly worked with spirit medicine. However, the cruel reality of the situation was that after a few months passed, he found that, to his bitterness, he had run out of medicinal plants.

哪怕手中有天骄战第一奖励的一万灵石，可炼制三阶灵药所需的材料，在宗门外的坊市买不到，即便是委托那些修真家族，可这价格太高。
Even though the prize for taking first place in the Chosen battles had been 10,000 spirit stones, the ingredients for tier-3 spirit medicines weren’t sold in the market outside the sect. He could only rely on people from the cultivator clans to find them for him, and the prices were exorbitant.

最好的方法，就是有足够的贡献点，去宗门换取。
The best thing to do was build up enough merit points to be able to acquire the ingredients from the sect.

“贡献点 ”白小纯坐在洞府内，愁眉苦脸，他最缺的就是贡献点，此刻踌躇一番，他毅然的走出洞府，去了内门弟子发放任务的石碑所在之地。
“Merit points” he thought as he sat there in his immortal's cave, frowning. What he lacked most was merit points. After some hesitation, he left his immortal's cave and went to the Mission Stele set aside for Inner Sect disciples. Back in the Outer Sect, the Missions Office had always been packed, but the


Inner Sect was different.

这里与外门任务处的人山人海不一样，此地内门弟子不多，都是来去匆匆，似乎时间宝贵，白小纯晃晃悠悠的到来时，站在那里，望着任务石碑，选来选去。
Inner Sect disciples were all very busy, and viewed their time as precious. Only a few people could be seen in the area. Bai Xiaochun strolled up and stood i n front of the stele, trying to pick a mission.

“危险的不要！”
“That one's way too dangerous!” he muttered.

“贡献点少的不要！”
“That one doesn’t give enough merit points!

“长期的也不能要 ”白小纯喃喃低语，最终目光落在了一则任务上，此任务是宗门长老发布，需要寄灭兽的内核，一枚内核，开出了一千贡献点的高价。
I don’t want any long-term missions” Eventually, his eyes came to rest on a mission assigned by one of the sect elders, which called for Lifestealer cores. For every core provided, 1,000 merit points would be rewarded.

并且给出了寄灭兽出没的地点，是在距离灵溪宗不远的荒芜山脉中，白小纯沉吟片刻，这种寄灭兽在灵兽第四篇里有介绍，准确的说，它不是什么凶兽，而是一种依靠寄生存在的神奇生命。
It even provided the most common location to find Lifestealers, which was in the Wildweed Mountains a short distance from the Spirit Stream Sect. Muttering to himself in thought, Bai Xiaochun recalled the description of Lifestealers from the fourth volume of spirit creatures. Actually, they weren’t wild beasts, but rather, a miraculous parasitic life form.

它会选择在一些凶兽的身上寄生，使得凶兽会多出一个头颅，直至最终这个头颅完全成型，凶兽枯萎而死，寄灭兽成熟，化作九日鸟。
They would select a host, a wild beast of some sort, which they would then cause to grow a second head. When the second head was fully formed, the beast would then wither up and die, and the matured Lifestealer would transform into a Ninedays Finch.

奇异的是，在寄生阶段，此兽有很大的药用价值，可若成熟后破颅而出，成为九日鸟后，全身上下，再没有丝毫的价值可言，甚至这九日鸟，只能存活九天，它存在的唯一使命，就是在死亡前，重新选择一个凶兽，继续寄生。
During the parasitic phase of its life, it was extremely useful as an ingredient in various types of medicines. However, once it matured and exploded out from the second head, becoming a Ninedays Finch, it was completely useless. Furthermore, Ninedays Finches only lived for nine days, after which they would die, producing a new Lifestealer. The Lifestealer would then select a new host, and the process would begin again.

如同是轮回一样
It was almost like the cycle of reincarnation

这种寄灭兽，从某种意义上说，是罕见的永生之物，在无尽的轮回中，一直都存在。
Lifestealers were very rare, and in some ways, they lived forever, eternally reincarnating over and over again.

白小纯当初熟记灵兽第四篇时，也对这寄灭兽印象很深。
Bai Xiaochun clearly remembered how impressed he had been the first time he read about Lifestealers in the fourth volume of spirit creatures.

“这任务的难度，是在寻找寄灭兽上，荒芜山脉太大了，一个个寻找，很是麻烦，耗费时间会很久，所以才给出如此高的贡献点。”
“The hard part of this mission is actually finding the Lifestealers. The Wildweed Mountains are too vast. It would be way too annoying to try to find them one by one.


Accumulating merit points that way would be a waste of time.”

白小纯又查了下荒芜山脉，知道那里虽范围很大，可凶兽大多都是筑基以下，少见堪比筑基的凶兽。
After doing some more research into the Wildweed Mountains, he confirmed that despite how vast they were, most animals were under the Foundation Establishment level.

思索片刻，白小纯接下了这个任务，没有立刻出发，而是回到洞府内，整顿一番后，这才外出，踏着金乌剑，急速远去。
Eventually, he decided to accept the mission. However, he didn’t immediately set forth from the sect. First, he returned to his immortal's cave to make a few preparations. Finally, he hoppe d onto the Golden Crow Sword and shot off into the distance.

荒芜山脉距离灵溪宗不远，以白小纯的速度，持续的飞行一天就可达到，只不过他修为不够，时而飞行，时而在大地飞奔，就这样在过了四天后，终于来到了荒芜山脉。
The Wildweed Mountains weren’t very far from the Spirit Stream Sect. Considering his speed when using the Golden Crow Sword, it would only take a day of travel to reach them. Unfortunately, due to the fact that his current cultivation base was too low to be able to fly for a long time, he had to alternate between flying and running. Four days later, he finally reached the Wildweed Mountains.

此地磅礴，远远看去一处处山包起伏，仿佛看不到尽头，地面上葱绿一片，形成了茂密的丛林，不时有鸟兽嘶鸣传出。
A majestic scene spread out in front of him, with lushly vegetated mountains rising up in all directions. It was like a never-ending jungle, from within which rose the cries of various birds and beasts.

没有立刻寻找寄灭兽，白小纯在这荒芜山脉转悠起来，直至半个月后，他找到了一处山谷，在荒芜山脉中，此地是丛林的关卡必经之地，在这山谷内，白小纯坐在一颗大树上，望着眼前这山谷区域，目中慢慢露出神采。
Instead of going to search for Lifestealers, he explored the mountains for about half a month until he found a valley which acted as a natural pathway between two main parts of the jungle. There, he settled down in the branches of a tall tree and peered dow n into the valley below.

“用正常的办法，太耗费时间，而且纯粹是碰运气，运气好了说不定能找到一只，运气不好，一个月估计也难碰到一个。”
“Using normal search methods would be a waste of time, and would rely on blind luck. Even with fortune on my side, I might only find one. If I don’t get lucky, I might not be able to find a single one in a month.

“这一次，就是体现我白小纯智慧的时候了。”
“It’s time to show off how smart I am.”

白小纯抬起下巴，身体一晃，骤然远去。
Sticking his chin up, he blurred into motion, shooting off into the distance.

一天后，白小纯在一处山头，感受了一下风的方向，正要取出发情丹，忽然想起了什么，向着四周大声喊了出来。 “有没有人啊？
The next day, he stood at the top of a mountain, feeling the direction of the wind. Just as he was about to produce an Aphrodisiac Pill, he suddenly thought of something, and called out at the top of his lungs, “Is anyone around?

这里有没有灵溪宗的同门啊？”
Are there any disciples from the Spirit Stream Sect here?”

他声音尖锐，传遍四周时，听起来仿佛是在求救。
From the high-pitched tone of his cry, it almost sounded like he was crying out for help.

远处，丛林内有一道身影，此刻正与一头凶兽交战，此人神色冷傲，穿着灵溪宗内门弟子的长袍，他遥遥的听到了白小纯的呼喊，目中露出轻蔑。
Some distance away, a figure could be seen in the jungle, fighting with a wild beast. It was an icily arrogant young man wearing the robe of an Inner Sect disciple of the Spirit Stream Sect. When he heard Bai Xiaochun’s cry, a look of scorn appeared in his eyes.

“又是一个自不量力，修为不够就来到这里的弟子，此刻呼喊有什么用，这荒芜山脉，只有强者才能来。”
“Another disciple with a weak cultivation base who’s overestimated himself and is now crying out for help. Only the strong should come out into the Wildweed Mountains.”

他神色不屑，根本就没有要去救援的想法，毕竟宗门虽讲团结，可还是有一些人天性薄凉，此事难免。
He arrogantly chose not to even attempt to help out. Although the sect emphasized teamwork, some people were naturally unsociable, and that couldn’t be avoided.

白小纯喊了半天，不见有人回答，这才放心，快速的扔出了一把发情丹，砰砰声中，这些丹药全部爆开，化作粉末随风远去。
After crying out a few times but getting no response, Bai Xiaochun felt a bit more at ease. With that, he tossed out the Aphrodisiac Pill. Moments later, a poppi ng sound could be heard as the pill exploded, transforming into a fine powder which was carried off by the wind.

渐渐地，这一片区域里，所有的凶兽，无论在做什么事情，都在闻到了风中吹来的粉末后，身体都颤抖起来，双眼泛红，呼吸急促，渐渐发出阵阵嘶吼。
Soon, the animals some distance away, regardless of what they were doing, caught the scent of the powder in the wind and began to tremble. Eyes bloods hot, they began to howl at the tops of their lungs.

这嘶吼回荡，白小纯听到后背后翅膀一扇，直奔远方。
As soon as the howling sounds rose up, two wings poppe d out behind Bai Xiaochun, and he sped away.

在他身后，他没有注意到的区域，那冷漠的弟子神色还在轻蔑，忽然风吹过后，与他厮杀的那头凶兽，突然震动，双眼立刻红了，发出疯狂吼声，竟不顾一切的向着他扑来，这内门弟子吓了一跳，赶紧避开。
The arrogant disciple from earlier suddenly noticed that the beast he was fighting had begun trembling. Its eyes turned red, and, howling, it pounced toward him. Badly frightened, the young man took to flight. Unfortunately, no matter what he did, the beast only continued to howl and chase him down.

可就在他避开的瞬间，这片区域的所有凶兽，全部嘶吼，一个个冲出，眼珠子都红了，全部发狂，这青年骇然，飞快逃命，身后大量凶兽嘶吼追出，吓的他连忙发出求救。
Its eyes were bright red, and it seemed to have gone mad. Shocked, the young man fled for his life until he had no choice but to cry out for help.

只是白小纯走远，听不到了
By that time, Bai Xiaochun was too far away to hear

三个时辰后，又在一处风口的区域，白小纯再次喊了出来，等了等，不见有人回应后，他才扔下大把的发情丹。
Six hours later in another windy area, Bai Xiaochun cried out a few times, waited for a bit, and seeing that no one responded, threw out another Aphrodisiac Pill.

很快的，这片区域内，也传来了嘶吼声。
Soon, the howls of beasts rose up.

白小纯没有停顿，在接下来的两天，他以那处山谷为中心，在这附近所有范围，都扔下了发清丹后，这一大片区域被连接在了一起，发清丹的药粉，笼罩八方，使得这里面的所有凶兽，一个个都发狂了，嘶吼之声更为强烈，甚至暴躁起来，横冲直撞。
For the following two days, he ceaselessly traveled in a set perimeter around the valley he’d picked, throwing out Aphrodisiac Pills. He quickly covered a large area, within which all of the animals were going mad, howling at the tops of their lungs and lunging around violently.

眼看就要控制不住时，白小纯已飞快的回到他最早选择的山谷内，在这里，他双眼冒光，挥舞金乌剑，扫出了一条路后，取出了大把的雌香丹，捏碎后仔细的撒在这里，渐渐地，这里的香气极为浓郁。
Seeing that he’d reached a point where things were almost beyond his control, Bai Xiaochun flew back to the valley he’d selected. Eyes shining, he waved the Golden Crow Sword to cut open a small path in the trees, then pulled out a bunch of Pheromone Pills and crushed them. Soon, a fragrant aroma began to spread out.

白小纯很是谨慎，小心翼翼的避开，快速后退时，还换了一套衣服，确定自己没有沾染雌香丹的粉末后，这才躲在山谷上，低头看着下面的小路。
He was very careful not to get any of the powder on himself, and even as he backed away, changed into a new set of clothes just to be safe. Then he perched above the valley and looked dow n toward the path he’d created.

“凶兽乖乖 快点到来。” 白小纯哼着小曲，神采飞扬的等待。
“Alright, lovely beasts hurry up,” he said, humming a little tune as he waited eagerly.

时间流逝，随着雌香丹香气的扩散，慢慢的，这一大片区域内，所有的凶兽，在发情丹的刺激下，本就发狂，此刻猛地闻到雌香，纷纷吼声滔天，向着山谷急速飞奔而来，很快的，越来越多的凶兽狂奔，几乎成为了兽潮，地面都在颤抖。
Time passed. The aroma of the Pheromone Pill slowly spread out, and the beasts which had been affected by the Aphrodisiac Pill slowly began to go more and more crazy. Howling, they began to charge toward the valley at top speed, more and more of them, like a surging tide that caused the ground to quake.

半晌后，当第一波凶兽到来时，白小纯立刻站起身，凝神看向下方，眨眼间，大量样子各异的凶兽，就在这山谷内的小路上，飞奔而过，各种嘶吼滔天，白小纯眼睛睁大老大，看着下方无数的凶兽，忽然双眼一闪，右手掐诀一指，立刻金乌剑瞬间飞出，直奔这群凶兽中一头虎兽。
Soon, the first wave of beasts was closing in, and Bai Xiaochun rose to his feet and looked down with rapt attention at the valley below. In the blink of an eye, a vast group of strange beasts could be seen charging down the path he'd created. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes went wide at the sight of so many creatures. But then, his eyes glittered, and his right hand flashed with an incantation gesture.

这虎兽的背部，赫然有第二个头颅，金光一闪，这第二个头颅瞬间爆开，一枚内核飞出，被白小纯操控一把抓住，扔在了储物袋后，金光再次飞舞，直奔远处又一个具备第二个头颅的凶兽而去。
Instantly, the Golden Crow Sword flew out toward a fierce-looking tiger. Shockingly, a second head was growing out of the tiger’s back. Golden light flickered, and the second head exploded. A core flew out, which Bai


Xiaochun expertly grabbed ahold of and then threw into his bag of holding.

这兽潮持续了足有一个时辰，甚至山谷都在颤抖，仿佛要被那些凶兽撞碎，白小纯眉飞色舞，操控飞剑不断闪耀，直至兽潮渐渐消散，他狂喜的发现，自己居然收集了十个寄灭兽的内核。
Next, the golden light flashed toward another two-headed creature. The flood of beasts lasted for about two hours, and the valley was almost completely destroyed in the process. Bai Xiaochun was radiant with delight. His sword flashed over and over again, and by the time the flood of beasts had dispersed, he was delighted to find that he had collected ten Lifestealer cores.

“还是我白小纯聪明啊。”
“Bai Xiaochun’s wits come out on top again!”

白小纯得意的看着储物袋里的内核，身体一晃，离开了这一大片区域，去了下一个区域。
Looking very pleased, he stored the cores safely in his bag of holding and then blurred into motion, heading off to another part of the Wildweed Mountains.

直至白小纯离开了很久，这片区域内，丛林中，一个青年全身衣衫破损，样子凄惨，身体颤抖，挣扎的一步步艰难的行走，他欲哭无泪，双眼茫然，那样子隐隐的，似乎与北寒烈一样
Not very long after he left, a young man could be seen in the jungle. His clothes were tattered, and he seemed to be in a very sorry state. He was shaking, and even had trouble walking. A blank look could be seen in his eyes that very closely resembled the look which had appeared in Beihan


Lie’s eyes not so long ago

“这荒芜山脉怎么了 这片世界怎么了 这里的凶兽居然不吃人了，而是 我 我 ”他眼泪都出来了，失魂落魄。
Tears streamed down his cheeks as he muttered, “What's going on in the Wildweed Mountains? What’s going on with the world? The beasts here don’t eat people, they I I”

就这样，时间一天天过去，白小纯凭着发情丹，在这荒芜山脉几乎横行，所过之处，无数凶兽疯狂，而他每次扔出丹药，都会先大喊几声，问问四周有没有人。
Days flew by. Bai Xiaochun used the Aphrodisiac Pill to throw the Wildweed Mountains into complete chaos. Everywhere he went, the beasts would go mad.

有好几次，立刻就有弟子回应，每次这个时候，白小纯都会带着歉意告诉对方自己的计划，并送出一枚内核作为谢礼，劝人离开，也希望他们告诉其他同门，这段日子离开此地，自己这里会送出一枚内核感激，不少看到白小纯的弟子，顿时就认出了白小纯，在听到了白小纯的计划后，每个人都身体一颤，赶紧飞奔。
Of course, before throwing the pills out into the air, he would always call out to make sure he was alone. Occasionally disciples would respond, and when they did, he would carefully explain his plan, ask them to leave, and give them a Lifestealer core as compensation. He would also ask them to spread word to other disciples to stay away. Most of the disciples that saw him recognized him, and would flee, trembling in fear.

第一百零三章 我要为宗门做贡献！
0102 chapter-103

在这荒芜山脉内，灵溪宗的弟子不多，大概十几人的样子，毕竟这里对于内门弟子而言，虽少有筑基凶兽，可也有一定的危险。
There weren’t many Spirit Stream Sect disciples in the Wildweed Mountains, only a few dozen. The area didn’t have many Foundation Establishment-level beasts, but it still had its dangers, even for Inner Sect disciples.

故而都是认为自身强悍者，才会到来。
Only people who considered themselves to be especially powerful would go there.

在白小纯很是密集的呼唤下，所有在这里的弟子，都陆续的听到了他的声音，其中大多数都听从了白小纯的劝说，拿着白小纯给出的歉意谢礼离开，可还是有那么两三个天性薄凉之辈，神色不屑，带着轻蔑，以为是求救，根本就不理会白小纯的呼唤，装作没听到，甚至心底也未尝没有等呼唤之人灭亡后，拿走储物袋的心思。
When Bai Xiaochun cried out his warnings, some disciples would respond and heed his advice. They would take his apology gift and leave. However, a few bull-headed individuals would arrogantly assume that he was crying out for help, and would pretend they couldn’t hear him. Some of them even hoped to collect his bag of holding after he died.

在这里依旧独来独往，他们开始还没觉的什么，可很快的就发现这里的凶兽有些不对劲，一个个连习性都改了，暴躁疯狂。
They would continue whatever it was they were doing, and think little more of the matter. But it wouldn’t take long before they realized the beasts were acting strange, impulsive and maddened.

上官天佑也在荒芜山脉，一样曾听到了白小纯的呼唤，可目光一闪，没有理会，他接下的任务与白小纯一样，都是寻找寄灭兽，此刻他很是心惊，他亲眼看到有一头堪比凝气六层的巨熊，居然抱着一颗大树，不断地撞击
Shangguan Tianyou was in the Wildweed Mountains, and as soon as he heard Bai Xiaochun calling out, his eyes flickered, and he ignored him. He was on the same mission as Bai Xiaochun, looking for Lifestealers, but at the moment, he was shocked by the sight of a huge bear in the sixth level of Qi Condensation, who was wrapped around a tree, banging into it over and over again

这样的一幕，他不是第一次看到了，途中，他还看到了一只兔子，居然敢来袭击自己，那目中的疯狂，让他觉得熟悉的同时，也觉得头皮发麻。
It wasn’t his first time seeing something like that. He’d seen a rabbit earlier that had ambushed him with raving madness. When he realized that the situation seemed familiar, his scalp suddenly went numb.

“不对劲，这荒芜山脉莫非发生了什么变故！”
“Something’s off here. What’s changed in the Wildweed Mountains?”

上官天佑倒吸口气，他立刻就想到了白小纯的发情丹，心底猛地一颤。
Then he thought back to Bai Xiaochun’s Aphrodisiac Pill, and his heart seized.

而此刻，白小纯的储物袋内，寄灭兽的内核，已有三十多个，他带着振奋，还在散播发情丹的粉末，直至半个月后，白小纯惊喜的发现了一处八字形的山脉交汇处，这里居然有一个很大的风口
By this point, Bai Xiaochun had over thirty Lifestealer cores in his bag of holding, and was continuing his work with the Aphrodisiac Pills. About half a month later, he was overjoyed to discover a V-shaped valley located deep within the mountains, a place that had a strong wind The valley would suck in the wind and then vent it out to fill a large portion of the Wildweed Mountains.

似乎四周的风，在吹过这里时，都会被引来，从这里向着半个荒芜山脉扩散，风速之急，按照白小纯的判断，三天的时间，就可以吹过半个荒芜山脉，站在这风口下，白小纯需要很大的力气才可以保持身体不被吹飞，这还是他没太过靠近的缘故。
Based on Bai Xiaochun’s calculations, it would only take three days for the wind from the valley to fill nearly half of the Wildweed Mountains. Even standing there in the wind, he would only last for about one breath of time before losing his footing. He immediately felt connected to the place, as if by destiny.

他的头发飞舞，看着上方的风口，整个人都激动了。 “这里就是最绝佳的散播之地啊！
Hair whipping about, he looked dow n at the spot where the wind shot out and said, “This is definitely the best place to disseminate powder throughout the mountains!

而且这山脉内应该没同门了，我可以放心大胆的收割啦！”
There shouldn't be any fellow disciples here either. I can safely harvest to my heart’s content!”

白小纯兴奋了，他为了不殃及同门，这段日子送出了十多个内核，但却没有心痛，毕竟这里的内核，他有把握拿到更多，此刻仿佛已看到了无数的贡献点飞到了自己的口袋里。
Bai Xiaochun was starting to get very excited. In order to ensure nothing bad happened to his fellow disciples, he'd already given out about ten cores. However, he didn’t regret that at all.

他深吸口气，立刻将所有的发清丹都取出，全部捏碎后，撒向风口，被这里的风一吹，立刻卷向前方，扩散大半个荒芜山脉。 白小纯站在山顶，傲然的望着大地丛林，一股高手的感觉，油然而起。
He was sure that he could get more. He could even visualize the merit points flowing in. Taking a deep breath, he brought out all of the rest of the Aphrodisiac Pills and crushed them.


The rushing wind immediately carried the powder out into the rest of the Wildweed Mountains.


Bai Xiaochun stood on a nearby mountain peak, looking out proudly at the jungle below, feeling very heroic.

“我白小纯为了造福荒芜山脉，不容易啊，想来多少年后，这片山脉的凶兽会多了好多好多 这都是我的功劳。”
“I, Bai Xiaochun, have worked tirelessly to benefit the Wildweed Mountains. One can only imagine how many animals will be born in the coming years What a wonderful meritorious service.”

他感慨时，一声嘶吼从不远处的丛林内传出，紧接着，无数的嘶吼声，陆续的回荡，很快的 这嘶吼越来越多，不断地扩散，一天后，两成荒芜山脉的区域 吼声惊人，三天后 半个荒芜山脉，彻底疯狂！
He sighed emotionally as howls began to rise from within the forest. More and more howls could be heard, until they filled the air ceaselessly. In one day, twenty percent of the Wildweed Mountains had been covered The roars reached a shocking level. Three days later half of the Wildweed

在这半个荒芜山脉都疯狂时，白小纯快速飞出，每隔一片距离，就扔下大半的雌香丹，引来这片区域所有的凶兽后，收割寄灭兽的内核。
Mountains were going mad! At that point, Bai Xiaochun flew along, dispersing Pheromone Pills every so often to attract the nearby beasts. At the same time, he collected more and more Lifestealer cores.

这一路他非常满足，不仅仅是收获内核，还有那种造福整个荒芜山脉的满足感，尤其是他看到那些凶兽一个个在发情后，开始了彼此扑来扑去，那种造福的感觉，更强烈了。
He was very pleased with everything. Not only was he collecting plenty of cores, he was also bringing happiness to all the creatures in the Wildweed Mountains. When he saw so many animals pouncing on each other, he couldn’t help but marvel at how he was benefiting the environment.

“我是一个好人，以后这片山脉的所有凶兽，都会感激我的。”
“What a good person I am,” he thought to himself. “The beasts in these mountains are definitely going to thank me later.”

白小纯快速飞出，又扔下大把雌香丹。
And so he continued along, throwing out Pheromone Pills all the way.

山脉内，灵溪宗那几个之前没理会白小纯呼喊的弟子，此刻一个个都目瞪口呆，他们看着各自四周一个个发狂的凶兽，尤其是那些凶兽居然彼此扑来扑去 每个人都倒吸口气。
Of course, there were some disciples in the mountains who had ignored his earlier cries. Their eyes soon went wide at the maddened state of the animals. The sight of all the animals pouncing on one another left the disciples gasping.

“这 这是怎么回事！”
“What’s what's going on?”

“这一幕 怎么这么熟悉 ”这几个弟子，全部骇然，纷纷心惊，一个个赶紧逃遁，想要离开这里。
“Why why does this scene seem so familiar” Shocked, the disciples all began to flee in terror.

“白小纯！”
“Bai Xiaochun!”

上官天佑也顾不得去击杀凶兽，飞奔远去，他觉得这里太恐怖了，尤其是北寒烈的一幕在他脑海浮现后，上官天佑面色苍白，身子都哆嗦了。
Shangguan Tianyou was going all out to kill the nearby beasts and fly away. His heart filled with terror when he recalled what had occurred to Beihan Lie, and he began to shiver.

可他们几乎每个人，都已在了这荒芜山脉的深处，想要离开不是那么容易，尤其是在此刻这半个荒芜山脉的凶兽都发狂的时候，更是无比艰难
Unfortunately for this handful of people, they were deep within the Wildweed Mountains, and getting out was no easy task. That was especially the case considering that all of the beasts in the area were going completely mad

白小纯一路愉快，飞奔而过，时而扔下发情丹，引来大量凶兽后，收割内核，直至半个月后，当他离开了荒芜山脉时，他的储物袋内，已有了快二百个寄灭兽的内核。
Bai Xiaochun flew along, happily tossing Pheromone Pills around. He attracted large numbers of beasts, and collected numerous Lifestealer cores. By the time he left the Wildweed Mountains half a month later, he had two hundred cores in his bag of holding.

心满意足的，白小纯出了荒芜山脉后，直奔宗门而去。
Completely satisfied, he headed back toward the sect.

直至白小纯离开了数日，上官天佑等人一个个陆续出来，每个人都面色凄苦，披头散发，狼狈非常，目中大都有茫然，在走出山脉时，仰天发出凄厉之音。
Some days after he left, Shangguan Tianyou and the other disciples finally emerged. Their faces were pale and filled with bitterness, and their hair disheveled. They were all in bad condition, with blank looks on their faces. After finally emerging, they would throw their heads back and howl bitterly.

至于他们到底在这片山脉里发生了什么事情 成为了一个永恒的谜团。
As for what exactly had occurred within those mountains it was a complete mystery to them.


After returning to the sect, Bai Xiaochun raced directly to the Missions

白小纯一路疾驰，带着振奋回到宗门，赶紧去了任务处，当任务处的弟子看到白小纯居然一口气拿出了快二百个寄灭兽的内核后，眼珠子都差点掉下来，无法置信，每一个都详细的检查后，看向白小纯时，已经目瞪口呆。
Office. When the disciples there saw that he was turning in two hundred Lifestealer cores, their eyes nearly poppe d out of their sockets. After incredulously examining the cores, they looked back at Bai Xiaochun in shock.

他在这任务处好多年，寂灭兽的任务经常会出现，可最多的一个，带回来也就是几十个内核而已，这还是耗费了一年的时间。
Throughout the years, Lifestealer core missions would pop up occasionally, although usually only one at a time. Generally speaking, it would take a whole year for a disciple to collect a mere ten of them.

可白小纯这里，只是去了几个月，回来时，居然拿了如此多。
But within a few months, Bai Xiaochun had managed to collect an unthinkable amount.

“不愧是掌门师弟，荣耀弟子，天骄战第一的白小纯 ”这内门弟子倒吸口气，对白小纯这里极为恭敬，清点之后，白小纯拿着近二十万贡献点，努力想要表现出风轻云淡的模样，可那得意劲，根本就掩饰不住。
“He definitely deserves to be the Junior Brother of the sect leader, a Prestige disciple, and the first place winner of the Chosen battles” The other Inner Sect disciples looked enviously at Bai Xiaochun. After clearing his inventory, he racked up 200,000 merit points. Although he tried to put on a show of looking indifferent, it was impossible for him to completely conceal how proud of himself he was.

此事也轰动了南岸，一次性拿到二十万贡献点，任何一个听到之人，都会无法置信，而随着那些被白小纯在荒芜山脉劝走的弟子，纷纷苦笑的告诉了其他人原因后，南岸三山，每一个内门弟子在看到白小纯时，都会心神一颤。
The matter shook the entire south bank. Anyone who heard that someone had collected 200,000 merit points in one shot almost couldn’t believe it. But then word began to spread from the disciples Bai Xiaochun had advised to leave the Wildweed Mountains, and soon, the three mountain peaks of the south bank were buzzing with the news.

“这是一个狠主！”
“What a monster!” “Crazy!

“太疯狂了，他居然给半个荒芜山脉撒了发情丹！”
He filled half of the Wildweed Mountains with Aphrodisiac Pills!”

“那里短时间内，去不得了 ”
“We won't be able to go there for a long time now”

在这议论纷纷时，上官天佑与另外几个狼狈的弟子，也都陆续的归来，上官天佑本身知道是白小纯的缘故，还稍好一些，可另外几人，此刻才明白过来，每一个都发出凄厉的嘶吼，几乎要滴血一样，但却对白小纯无可奈何，毕竟 白小纯那密集的呼唤，他们都听到过，心底都在后悔，若是当时回应一句，或许就不会如此凄惨了。
Even as the discussions raged, Shangguan Tianyou and the other bedraggled disciples began to filter back into the sect. Shangguan Tianyou was aware that Bai Xiaochun was the cause of what had happened, so he wasn’t so surprised at the results. But when the other disciples realized the situation, they howled at the tops of their lungs. However, there was nothing they could do about Bai Xiaochun.


After all he had warned them repeatedly, and they had heard, but chosen to ignore him.


Now they regretted what they had done, a mere response on their part, and they could have avoided such a tragic fate.

白小纯对于这任务，也因这一次的收获，起了浓厚的兴趣，于是他的身影，经常在任务处出没，每次都是选择这种采集与凶兽有关之物的任务。
Bai Xiaochun was extremely pleased with the results. In subsequent days, he would often appear at the Missions Office, whereupon he would select missions involving collecting things from beasts.

仿佛上了瘾，每次接下任务就炼制丹药，然后立刻外出，而每一次 都会有一些弟子发狂，不管是参与任务的还是没参与任务的，都会抓狂，因为只要是白小纯去过的地方，那里别人短时间就别想去了。
He almost seemed addicted. After each mission, he would concoct batches of medicinal pills and head out again Each time, he drove more disciples mad. Whether those disciples were out on missions or not, it didn’t matter. After all, any location Bai Xiaochun went to on his own missions had to be avoided for significant periods of time afterward.

太危险了
They were far too da ngerous

云端山脉，寒林山脉，景峰山脉，原东山脉
The Cloudpeak Mountains, Frostforest Mountains, Brightsummit Mountains, Lasteast Mountains

在接下来的一年内，白小纯化身任务狂魔，横扫了任务处上所有与凶兽有关的任务，每一次都收获极大，一次次的轰动任务处的同时，也让无数的内门弟子都越发抓狂。
For an entire year, Bai Xiaochun was a mission-accomplishing maniac. He swept through all of the missions that involved beasts, and his harvests were always incredible. Each and every time, the Missions Office was left completely shaken. At the same time, countless Inner Sect disciples were driven to madness.

甚至当香云山的凶兽任务都没了后，白小纯又去了青峰山，紫鼎山，抢夺与凶兽有关的任务，这一去，紫鼎山与青峰山的弟子，全部体会到了什么叫做任务狂魔。
Eventually, he cleared all of the beast-related missions on Fragrant Cloud Peak, after which he went to Green Crest Peak, and then Violet Cauldron Peak. He took all of the missions there, and soon helped the disciples there realize what a true missions fiend was.

到了最后，南岸的内门弟子绝望的发现，但凡是宗门附近的山脉，已经没地方能去了，那里面弥漫了无数时刻发情的凶兽
In the end, the Inner Sect disciples of the south bank were driven to complete despair. None of the mountain ranges near the sect were safe to enter, as they were filled with countless sexually charged beasts

无奈之下，三山集合了数百内门弟子，齐齐上书宗门，要求宗门免去白小纯的任务资格
Having no other option, hundreds of Inner Sect disciples from the three mountain peaks signed a petition to the sect, requesting that Bai Xiaochun be exempted from mission service Li Qinghou didn't want to interfere, it was a rare occasion when Bai Xiaochun was so enthused about serving the sect.

这事就连李青候都无法强行干扰，难得白小纯这么热心的完成任务，最终掌门都头痛了，他发现自从白小纯进入宗门后，几乎每隔一段时间，自己都会为他头痛，现在他几乎是一听白小纯这个名字，就下意识的会心里叹息。
The matter turned into a huge headache for the sect leader. He was coming to find that after Bai Xiaochun joined the sect, he would frequently be struck with such headaches. Every time he heard Bai Xiaochun’s name mentioned, he would subconsciously sigh.

“他不认真还好，这么一认真 实在是 唉，这白小纯，他是一个在任何地方，都可以掀起风雨的家伙！”
“It's almost better when he's not working hard. As soon as he gets serious it’s really ai, Bai Xiaochun causes a disaster no matter which mission he picks!

“他不是要去炼丹么，去炼丹吧，贡献宗门出了，只望他能消停一些 ”
“Doesn’t he want to work at pill concocting? Go concoct pills then! The sect will provide the merit points, as long things calm dow n”

眼看上书的内门弟子，从之前的数百人增加到了上千，掌门一咬牙，与李青候商议后，免除了白小纯的任务资格十年。
When the signatures on the petition rose from a few hundred to over a thousand, the sect leader gritted his teeth and went to discuss the matter with Li Qinghou. Finally, they exempted Bai Xiaochun from mission service for the following ten years.

他是整个宗门，唯一的一个，十年内不需要完成任何任务，而且每个月都可以获得一笔不菲贡献点的弟子。
He was the only disciple in the sect who didn’t have to do missions, but would still get a huge amount of merit points from the sect.

白小纯也委屈，当他在任务处又看好了一个任务，准备去接下时，被告知了这个结果，他都傻眼了。
Bai Xiaochun wasn’t very happy about the situation. He had been browsing missions at the Missions Office, and had just found one he wanted to take, when he got the notification. He was stunned.

“凭什么，我要为宗门做贡献，我要为宗门付出，你们太过分了！”
“What the hell?” he exclaimed loudly. “I want to serve the sect! I want to work hard! This is ridiculous!”

白小纯愤愤的开口，在任务处弟子敬畏如神人的目光下，白小纯长叹一声，最终无奈的抬起小下巴，小袖一甩。
Under the solemn gazes of the Missions Office disciples, he sighed, then stuck his chin up and swished his sleeve.

“我白小纯弹指间，任务处 灰飞烟灭。”
“With the snap of a finger, I reduced the Missions Office to ashes.”

他摇头叹息，身影透出一丝寂寞，忧郁的离去。
Shaking his head, he sighed. Looking very lonely, he made his way off into the distance.

