第一节：纵身亡魔心仍不悔
Chapter 1: The heart of a demon never has regret even in death

“方源，乖乖地交出chūn秋蝉，我给你个痛快！”
“Fang Yuan, quietly hand over the Spring Autumn Cicada and I’ll give you a quick death!”

“方老魔，你不要妄图反抗了，今rì我们正道各大派联合起来，就是要踏破你的魔窟。
“Old bastard Fang, stop attempting to resist anymore, today all of the major factions of justice have combined together just to destroy your devil lair.

这里早已经布下天罗地网，这次你必定身首异处！”
This place is already covered in inescapable nets, this time you will definitely be decapitated!”

“方源你个该死的魔头，你为了练成chūn秋蝉，杀了千万人的xìng命。
“Fang Yuan you damn demon, just because you wanted to cultivate the Spring Autumn Cicada, you’ve gone and killed thousands of people.

你已经犯下了滔天的罪孽，罪无可恕，罄竹难书！”
You’ve committed too many unforgivable, heinous sins!“

“魔头，三百年前你侮辱了我，夺走了我的清白之身，杀光我全家，诛了我的九族。
“Demon, 300 years ago you insulted me, took away my body’s purity, killed my entire family and executed my nine generations.

从那刻起，我恨不得吃你肉，喝你的血！
From that moment onwards, I hated you with a burning passion!

今天，我要让你生不如死！”
Today, I want you to die!”

方源一身残破的碧绿大袍，披头散发，浑身浴血，环顾四周。
Fang Yuan was in deep green robes that had been torn to shreds. His hair was disheveled and his entire body was covered in blood. He looked around.

山风吹得血袍飘荡，如战旗般嚯嚯作响。
The bloody robes waved lightly in the mountain breeze like a war flag.

鲜红的血液，从身上数百道伤口向外涌着。
Fresh blood flowed from the numerous wounds on the body.

只是站着一会儿，方源脚下已经积了一大滩的血水。
Just by standing there for a short while, Fang Yuan had already accumulated a large pool of blood beneath his feet.

群敌环伺，早已经没有了生路。
Enemies surrounded him all around, there was already no way out.

大局已定，今rì必死无疑。
It was a forgone conclusion that he would die here.

方源对局势洞若观火，不过即便死亡将临，他仍旧是面不改sè，神情平淡。
Fang Yuan understood his situation clearly, but even in the face of death his expression did not change, it was calm.

他目光幽幽，如古井深潭一般，一如既往的深不见底。
His gaze was quiet, his eyes like deep pools of water in a well, so deep that there seemed to be no end.

围攻他的正道群雄，不是堂堂一派之长者尊贵，就是名动四方之少年英豪。
The major factions of justice that had surrounded him were not just the experienced elders, but also young and talented heroes.

此时牢牢包围着方源，有的在咆哮，有的在冷笑，有的双眼眯起闪着jǐng惕的光，有的捂着伤口恐惧地望着。
Around the heavily surrounded Fang Yuan, some were roaring, some were sneering, there were eyes that were gleaming with light, some holding onto their wounds while looking on fearfully.

他们没有动手，都忌惮着方源的临死反扑。
They did not move, everyone was wary of Fang Yuan’s final attack.

就这样紧张地对峙了三个时辰，夕阳西下，落rì的余晖将山边的晚霞点燃，一时间绚烂如火。
For 6 hours this tense moment went on until the evening came, the sun casting its rays upon the side of the mountain. In that moment, it was as if the place was on fire.

一直静如雕塑的方源，慢慢转身。
Fang Yuan, who had been silent as a sculpture the entire time, slowly turned his body.

群雄顿时一阵sāo动，齐齐后退一大步。
The group of warriors was suddenly alerted and they all took a big step backwards.

此刻，方源脚下的灰白山石，早已经被鲜血染成了暗红。
By now the gray mountain rock beneath Fang Yuan’s feet had long been stained a deep red.

因为失血过多而显得苍白的脸，被晚霞映照着，忽然增添了一份嫣然之光彩。
Due to losing too much blood, his face had become deathly pale, in the afterglow of the sunset, it suddenly had a brilliant luster upon it.

看着这青山落rì，方源轻声一笑：“青山落rì，秋月chūn风。
Looking at the setting sun, Fang Yuan lightly laughed. “The sun sets above the blue mountain, the autumn moon with the wind of spring.

当真是朝如青丝暮成雪，是非成败转头空。”
The morning is fine like hair and night is like snow, whether you succeed or fail when you look back there’s nothing left.”

说这话的时候，眼前忽的就浮现出前世地球上的种种。
As he said this, memories of his previous life on Earth emerged before his eyes.

他本是地球上的华夏学子，机缘巧合穿越到这方世界。
He was originally a Chinese scholar on Earth who chanced upon this world.

辗转颠簸三百年，纵横世间两百余年，五百多年光yīn悠悠，却是晃眼即逝。
He endured a hard life for 300 years and went through another 200 years, about over 500 years of his life flew by in the blink of an eye.

深埋在心底的许多记忆，在此刻鲜活起来，栩栩如生地在眼前回现着。
So many memories that were buried deep inside the heart begun to relive themselves, sprouting into life before his eyes.

“终究是失败了呀。”
“I failed in the end.”

方源心中叹着，有些感慨，却并不后悔。
Fang Yuan sighed in his heart emotionally, yet there were no regrets.

这种结果，他也早有预见。
This end result was something he had foreseen.

当初选择时，就有了心理准备。
When he made his decision in the beginning, he had prepared himself for this.

所谓魔道，就是不修善果，杀人放火。
To be a demon is to be merciless and cruel, a murderer and destroyer.

天地不容，举世皆敌，还要纵情纵横。
There is no place in heaven or earth for such a thing – turning into an enemy to the world, still having to face the consequences.

“若是刚炼成的chūn秋蝉有效，来生还是要做邪魔！”
“If the Spring Autumn Cicada that I have just cultivated is effective, I shall still be a demon in my next life!”

这般想着，方源情不自禁放声大笑。
With this thought, Fang Yuan couldn’t help but let out a big laugh.

“老魔，你笑什么？”
“Wicked demon, what are you laughing about?”

“大家小心，魔头死到临头要反扑了！”
“Be careful everyone, the demon is going to attack before his final moments!”

“快快交出chūn秋蝉！”
“Hurry up and surrender the Spring Autumn Cicada!!”

群雄逼迫而来，恰在这时，轰的一声，方源悍然自爆。
The group of warlords surged forward, at this moment, with a loud bang, Fang Yuan was engulfed in a blinding surge of energy.

chūn雨绵绵，悄无声息地滋润着青茅山。
The spring rain quietly rained down on Qing Mao Mountain.

夜已经深了，丝丝凉风吹拂着细雨。
It was already late in the night, a slight breeze blowing with the light rain.

青茅山却不黑暗，从山腰至山脚，闪着许多莹莹的微光，好像是披着一条灿烂的光带。
Yet Qing Mao Mountain was not covered in darkness, from the side down to the foot of the mountain, dozens of tiny lights shone like a bright band.

这些光来源于一座座高脚吊楼，虽称不上万家灯火，却也有数千的规模。
These lights shone from tall buildings, even though it could not be said to match up to ten thousand lights, yet it was still a few thousand in number.

正是坐落在青茅山的古月山寨，给广袤幽静的山峦增添了一份浓郁的人烟气息。
Situated on the mountain was Gu Yue(1) Village, giving the vast lonely mountain a rich touch of human civilization.

古月山寨的最zhōng yāng，是一座大气辉煌的楼阁。
In the middle of the Gu Yue Village was a magnificent pavilion.

此时正举办着祭祀大典，因此更是灯火通明，光辉绚烂。
A grand ceremony was being held at this moment, and the lights were even brighter than ever, radiating with glory.

“列祖列宗保佑，希望此次开窍大典中能多多涌现出资质优秀的少年，为家族增添新血和希望！”
“Ancestors, please bless us! We pray that this ceremony will bring many young men of outstanding talent and intelligence, bringing their families new blood and hopes!”

古月族长中年模样，两鬓微霜，一身素白庄重的祭祀服装，跪在棕黄sè的地板上，直着上身，双手合十，紧闭双目诚心祈祷。
The head of the Gu Yue clan had a middle-aged appearance, his sideburns were graying and he was clothed in ceremonial white robes, kneeling on the brownish yellow floor. His body was straight with his hands held together, eyes tightly shut as he prayed sincerely.

他面对着高高的黑漆台案，在台案有三层，供奉着先祖的牌位。
He was facing a tall black case, there were three layers on the case, all housing memorial tablets of ancestors.

牌位两侧摆着赤铜香炉，香烟袅袅。
On both sides of the tablets was copper incense, the smoke rising.

在他的身后，也同样跪着十余人。
Behind him were over 10 people kneeling in a similar fashion as him.

他们穿着宽大的白sè祭服，都是家族中的家老、话事人，执掌着各方面的权柄。
They wore loose white ceremonial garments, and were all the clan’s elders, important members, and those who had much authority.

祈祷了一番后，古月族长率先弯腰，双手平摊，掌心紧紧贴着地板，磕头。
After finishing prayers, the Gu Yue clan head bent his waist with his two hands pressing against the floor and kowtowed.

额头碰在棕sè的地板上，发出轻轻的砰砰声。
As the forehead knocked against the brownish yellow floor, light thuds could be heard.

身后的家老们各个表情肃穆，也随着默默效仿。
Behind him, the elders and important clan members solemnly and quietly followed suit.

一时间，宗族祠堂中尽是额头碰撞地板的轻响。
With this, the hall was filled with light thuds as the heads knocked against the floor.

大典完毕，众人慢慢地从地板上站起身来，静静地走出庄严的祠堂。
When the ceremony was over, the crowd of people slowly got up from the ground and silently walked out of the sacred temple.

在走廊中，众家老默默地舒了一口气，气氛为之一松。
In the hallway, sighs of reliefs were heard from the crowd of elders and the atmosphere loosened up.

议论声渐渐地起来。
The noise of discussion slowly rose.

“时间过的真是太快了，一眨眼，一年就都过去了。”
“Time flies too quickly, in the blink of an eye, a year has gone by.”

“上一届的开窍大典就像是昨天发生的一样，依旧历历在目呢。”
“The previous ceremony feels like it just happened yesterday, I can still recall it vividly.”

“明rì就是一年一度的开窍大典了，不知道今年会涌现出什么样的家族新血呢？”
“Tomorrow is the opening of the annual grand ceremony, I wonder what new clan blood will show up this year?”

“唉，希望有甲等资质的少年出现。
“Ah, I hope that some highly talented youths will appear.

我们古月一族已经有三年没有这样的天才出现了。”
The Gu Yue clan hasn’t seen a genius emerge for three years now.”

“不错，白家寨、熊家寨这些年都有天才涌现。
“Agreed. The Bai Village, Xiong Village these few years all had some talented geniuses appear.

尤其是白家的白凝冰，天资真是恐怖。”
Especially that Bai Ning Bing from the Bai clan, his natural talent is quite terrifying.”

不知是谁，提及到白凝冰这个名字，众家老的脸上不由地浮现出一层忧sè。
It was unclear who had brought up the name Bai Ning Bing, but the faces of the elders started to show worry.

此子的资质极端出sè，短短两年功夫，就已经修行到三转蛊师。
The boy’s qualifications were splendid, in just a short period of two years worth of training, he had already reached the level of a level three Gu Master.

在年轻一辈中，可谓独领风sāo。
In the younger generation, he could be said as the most outstanding one.

甚至就连老一辈们都感觉到了这位后起之秀的压力。
It was to the point that even the older generation could feel pressured from the promising youth.

假以时rì，他必然是白家寨的顶梁柱。
In time, he would inevitably become the pillar of the Bai clan.

至少也是独当一面的强者。
At the very least he would also be an independently strong warrior.

没有人怀疑过这一点。
No one ever doubted this fact.

“不过今年参加开窍大典的少年里，也不是没有希望。”
“But for this year’s youths that will be participating in the ceremony, not all hope is lost.”

“不错，方之一脉出现了一个天才少年。
“You’re right, Fang Zhi’s side has appeared a young genius.

三月能言，四月能走。
Able to start talking after three months, able to walk after four.

五岁时就能作诗诵词，聪慧异常，才华横溢。
At five years of age he was able to recite poetry, seems exceptionally intelligent, especially talented.

可惜就是父母死的早，现在被其舅父舅母抚养着。”
What a pity that his parents died early, now he is being raised by his uncle and aunt.”

“嗯，这是有早智的，而且有大志向。
“Yes, this one has wisdom at a young age, also harboring big ambitions.

近些年他创作的《将敬酒》、《咏梅还有《江城子》我也听说过，真是天才！”
In the recent years I have heard his creations ‘Jiang Jing Jiu’, ‘Yong Mei’ and ‘Jiang Cheng Zi’, what a genius!”

古月族长最后一个走出宗祖祠堂，慢慢地关上门，便听到走廊中家老们的议论声音。
The Gu Yue clan head was the last to walk out of the ancestral temple. After slowly closing the door, he heard the discussions that were going on in the corridor among the clan elders.

顿时就知道，家老们此时议论的是一位叫做古月方源的少年。
He knew at once that the elders were discussing about the youth known as Gu Yue Fang Yuan at that moment.

作为一族之长，对于那些优秀而突出的子弟自然会关注。
As the head of the clan, it is natural to pay attention to the outstanding and prominent young ones.

而古月方源就是小辈当中，最为出sè耀眼的一位。
And it so happens that Gu Yue Fang Yuan was the most eye-catching one amongst the juniors.

而经验表明，往往从小就过目不忘，或者力气大如chéng rén等等天赋异禀的人，都有优秀的修行资质。
Experience has shown that those who have photographic memory at a young age, or those who possess strength that could rival an adult, or had other great inborn talents, all had outstanding cultivation qualifications.

“若是此子测出甲等资质，好生培养，也未必不能和白凝冰抗衡。
“If this child shows A grade potential, with great care he could even compete against Bai Ning Bing.

就算是乙等资质，rì后定也能独当一面，成为古月一族的一面旗帜。
Even if it is B grade, in future he could also become a banner of the Gu Yue Clan.

不过他这样的早慧，乙等资质的可能xìng不大，极有可能就是甲等。”
But with this sort of early intelligence, the percentage of B grade is not that big, but highly possible to be an A grade.”

这一念生出，古月族长的嘴角不由地微微翘起，浮现出一抹微笑。
With this thought, the Gu Yue clan head curled up his lips slowly into a smile.

旋即，咳嗽一声，对诸位家老们道：“诸位，时候不早了，为了明rì的开窍大殿，今晚请务必好好休息，保养jīng神。”
At once, with a cough he faced the clan elders and said, “Everyone, the hour is late, for tomorrow’s opening ceremony you should all rest well tonight and take care of your energy levels.”

家老们听了这话，都微微一怔。
At his words, the elders looked startled.

看向彼此的目光中都隐藏了一丝jǐng惕之sè。
They looked at each other with a hint of caution in their eyes.

族长这话说的含蓄，但大家都深晓其意。
The clan head’s words meant well, but everyone knew what he was aiming to convey.

每年为了争夺这些天才后辈，家老们彼此之间都是争的面红耳赤，头破血流。
Every year to compete for these young geniuses, the elders would fight among themselves to the point of reddened ears and bleeding heads.

是该好好的养jīng蓄锐，待到明天，争上那一番。
They should stay well rested and replenish themselves until tomorrow comes where the competition begins.

尤其是那个古月方源，甲等资质的可能xìng非常的大。
Especially with that Gu Yue Fang Yuan, whose A grade potential was extremely huge.

而且他双亲已经亡故，是方之一脉仅剩下的双孤之一。
Not counting the fact that both his parents were deceased, and also that he was one of the two only descendants of Fang Zhi’s bloodline left.

若是能收入自己这一脉中，好好培养，可保自己这一支百年的昌盛不衰！
If one was able to get their hands on and bring him into their own family line, with great care and training, one could secure himself a hundred years of prosperity!

“不过，丑话先说在前头。
“However, I’m going to go ahead and say what needs to be said first.

争要堂堂正正的争，不可以动用yīn谋手段，损害家族的团结。
When you compete, do it fair and square, no tricks and conspiracies are allowed, or damage to the clan’s unity.

诸位家老们请牢记在心！”
Please keep this in mind, all of you!”

族长语气严肃地关照道。
The clan head strictly instructed.

“不敢。 不敢。”
“We wouldn’t dare, we wouldn’t dare.”

“一定牢记在心。”
“We’ll keep it in mind.”

“这就告辞了，族长大人请留步。”
“Then this is good night, please take care.”

家老们满怀心思，一一散去。
The clan elders slowly dispersed with deep thoughts.

不久，长长的走廊上就冷清下来。
Not long after that, the long corridor became quiet.

chūn雨斜风透过窗户吹拂过来，族长轻轻举步，走到窗前。
The wind from the spring rain breezed through the window, and the clan head lightly walked towards the window.

顿时，满口都是清新湿润的山间空气，沁人心脾。
Immediately, he breathed in the fresh moist air of the mountain, how refreshing it felt.

这是阁楼第三层，族长放眼望去，大半个古月山寨都一览无余。
This was the third floor of the garret, the clan head looked out of the window. He could see half of the entire Gu Yue Village.

此刻深夜，寨中大多数人家却还有着灯火，和平时大不相同。
Even if it was late in the night, most of the homes in the village still had lights on, which was unusual.

明天就是开窍大典，关乎着每个人的切身利益。
Tomorrow is the opening ceremony, and it affects everyone’s best interests.

一种兴奋、紧张的氛围，笼罩着族人的心，自然有很多人睡不安稳。
A kind of excited yet tense atmosphere had enveloped the hearts of the people of the clan, and thus naturally many people could not sleep well.

“这就是家族未来的希望啊。”
“This is the hopes for the clan’s future.”

眼中倒映着点点灯光，族长长叹一声。
With the many lights dancing in his eyes, the clan head sighed.

而此时，同样有一对清亮的眸子，静静地看着这些深夜中闪闪的灯光，满怀复杂情怀。
At the very same moment, a pair of clear eyes quietly looked at the same lights sparkling in the night, full of complex feelings inside.

“古月山寨，这是五百年前？
“Gu Yue Village, this is 500 years ago?!

chūn秋蝉果真起作用了”方源眼神幽幽，站在窗户旁，任凭风雨打在身上。
Looks like the Spring Autumn Cicada really worked…” Fang Yuan quietly gazed, standing by the window, letting the rain from the wind hit his body.

chūn秋蝉的作用，就是逆转时光。
The use of the Spring Autumn Cicada is to reverse time.

在十大奇蛊排名中，能名列第七，自然非同小可。
In the Ten Big Mystical Gu rankings, the Spring Autumn Cicada managed to be ranked seven, naturally it was no mere creature.

简而言之，就是重生。
In short, it is the ability to be reborn.

“利用chūn秋蝉重生了，回到了五百年前！”
“With the use of the Spring Autumn Cicada I have been reborn, going back to the time of 500 years ago!”

方源伸出手，目光定定地看着自己年轻稚嫩的有些苍白的手掌，然后慢慢握紧，用力感受着这份真实。
Fang Yuan stretched out his hand, his sight fixated on his own young and soft, pale palms, then slowly clenched them, embracing the truth of this reality with all his might.

耳畔是细雨打在窗扉上发出的微微声响，他缓缓地闭上眼，半晌后才睁开，喟然一叹：“五百年的经历，真像是个梦啊。”
The sound of the drizzling rain hitting softly against the window sill filling his ears, he slowly closed his eyes, opening them after a long while. He sighed, “500 years of experience, it really feels like a dream.”

但他却清楚的知道，这绝不是梦。
But he knew it clearly: This was definitely not a dream.

第二节：逆光阴五百年觉悟
Chapter 2: Going back in time with 500 years of knowledge

传说中，这个世界存在着一条光yīn之河，支撑着这个世界的流转。
It is said in legend that a river of time exists in this world. It supports the world’s time flow and circulation.

而利用chūn秋蝉的力量，就能逆流而上，回到从前。
And by using the Spring Autumn Cicada’s power, one can travel back upstream and return to the past.

对这个传闻，世人众说纷纭。
There is much conflicting opinion on this mythical tale.

很多人并不相信，有些人则将信将疑。
Many do not believe in it, and some are skeptical to the truth.

几乎没有人真的确信。
Few people actually dare to believe it.

因为每一次使用chūn秋蝉，都必须付出生命，将整个身躯和所有的修为统统献祭，作为驱动的力量。
Because every time one uses the Spring Autumn Cicada one must pay with his life, letting his entire body and cultivation be the driving force to use its power.

这个代价实在太昂贵了，更让人无法接受的是——往往付出了生命，也不知道结果怎样。
Such a price is just too expensive, and the thing that people just cannot accept is the fact that after paying with your life, you don’t even know what the outcome is.

就算是有人得到了chūn秋蝉，也不敢闲来无事胡乱使用。
So even if someone has the Spring Autumn Cicada, they would not dare use it so indiscriminately.

万一传闻有假，只是个骗局呢？
What if the rumors were fake, and it was just a scam?

若不是方源走投无路，也不会这么快就使用它。
If Fang Yuan were not cornered into such a state, he would also not use it so hurriedly.

不过现在，方源是彻彻底底的相信。
But now, Fang Yuan is thoroughly convinced.

因为铁的事实摆在眼前，不容反驳。
Because the reality of the truth has been laid before his eyes and there was no denying it.

他的确是重生了！
He has really been reborn!

“只是可惜了这个好蛊，当初可是费了九牛二虎之力，屠杀了数十万人，弄得天怒人怨，千辛万苦才炼制而得”方源心中暗叹，虽然是重生了，但是chūn秋蝉并没有带来。
“It’s just a pity… From the start I had wasted an absurd amount of effort, killing hundreds of thousands of people, making even the heavens furious and inciting people’s vengeance, went through suffering and multiple hardships to finally attain and refine this good Gu…” Fang Yuan thought with a sigh. Even though he had been reborn, the Spring Autumn Cicada did not come with him.

人是万物之灵长，蛊是天地之jīng华。
Humans are the greatest among thousands of creatures, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth.

蛊千奇百怪，数不胜数。
Gu comes in thousands of shapes and sizes of strange and mysterious variety – there are too many to count.

有的蛊用一次或者两三次，就会彻底消散。
Some Gu after being used once or even twice or thrice will completely dissipate.

而有的蛊，只要不太过度使用，就能重复利用着。
And some Gu can be reused again and again as long as it is not used over its limits.

也许chūn秋蝉就是那种只能使用一次的消耗类蛊虫。
That said, it is probable that the Spring Autumn Cicada is one of those types that can only be used once before disappearing for good.

“不过就算是没了，也可以再炼制一只。
“But even if its gone, I can still refine another.

前世我能炼制，今生难道就不能吗？”
I have done it in my previous life, why can’t I do it in this life?”

可惜之后，方源的心中又不禁涌起一阵壮志豪情。
After the thoughts of pity were put aside, Fang Yuan’s heart burst forth ambitious and determined feelings.

自己能够重生，chūn秋蝉的损失完全可以接受。
To be able to be reborn, this fact made the loss of the Spring Autumn Cicada entirely acceptable.

而且他还身怀珍宝，并非一无所有。
Not to mention he had something precious with him, so its not like he lost everything.

这个珍宝，就是他五百年的记忆和经验。
This precious treasure was his 500 years worth of memories and experience.

他的记忆中存在着许许多多的宝藏，如今还没有人开启。
In his memories are a multitude of all kinds of treasures and precious items that no one has opened yet in this time.

存在着一个个的大事件，让他能轻松掌握历史的脉络。
All the big events and incidents he can easily grasp by the veins of history.

存在着无数的人影，有些是前辈隐修，有些是天俊奇才，有些人甚至没有出生呢。
There are a countless number of figures: some are predecessors of hidden levels, some are geniuses, some people not even born yet.

还存在着这五百年来，苦修的沉重经历，丰富的战斗经验。
Also in these 500 years of life are memories of painstaking cultivation and rich combat experience.

有了这些，无疑就掌握了大局和先机。
With all these memories and experiences, he had undeniably grasped the overall situation and upcoming opportunities.

只要cāo作的好，纵横人间，重现巨魔枭雄之风采，完全不是问题，甚至能更进一步，冲击更高之境界！
With good planning and execution, he could empower the situation with great fierceness and elegance. It was not a problem now that he could take a step ahead of others, breaking the higher boundaries!

“那么该如何cāo作呢”方源十分理智，迅速收拾情怀，面对窗外的夜雨沉思起来。
“So how do I go about this hmmm…” Fang Yuan was incredibly sensible. He collected himself together and faced the night rain outside the window, pondering.

这么一想，就觉得千头万绪。
With this thought, things started to feel complicated.

思考了片刻，他的眉头越皱越深。
After thinking for a moment, his brows wrinkled deeper.

五百年的时间，实在有些漫长。
500 years of time was a rather long period.

不说那些已经模糊的，想不起来的记忆。 就是那些记着的宝藏密地、仙师机缘，虽然很多，但大多不是间隔十万八千里，就是需要在特定的时间才能开启。
Don’t mention those long muddled memories that cannot be recalled, even remembering the hidden locations of treasures or special encounters of people were a lot, but the main issue was that the locations were separated among a long distance and had to be accessed or visited at certain periods of time.

“最关键的还是修为啊。
“The most important thing is cultivation.

自己如今元海未开，还没有踏上蛊师的修行之路，根本就是个凡人！
The me right now has not even opened my Primeval Sea, hasn’t stepped on the path to be a Gu Master. I’m just a mortal!

必须得尽快修行，增长修为，赶在历史之前，尽可能的抢占先机，捞够好处。”
I have to hurry and cultivate, catching up to history and seize the opportunities with the best advantage.”

而且很多的密藏，修为不够，即便得到了也消化不了。
Not to forget, many of these hidden locations of treasures were useless without proper foundation.

反而是烫手山芋，怀璧之罪。
Instead it would just be walking into a wolf’s den, looking for death.

摆在方源面前的第一个难题，就是修为。
The problem in front of Fang Yuan right now was cultivation.

必须要尽快提升修为，若是像上一世慢腾腾的话，黄花菜都凉了。
He had to increase the level of his foundation as fast as possible. If he were slow like his previous life, he would just be too late.

“要尽快提升修为，就必须借助家族的资源。
“To cultivate as fast as possible, I would have to borrow the resources from the clan.

以我现在的情况，根本就没有能力在危机重重的群山中穿梭，一头普通的山猪都能够要了我的xìng命。
With the state I am right now, I have no power or ability to travel back and forth across the dangerous mountains. Even an ordinary mountain boar can take my life.

若能达到三转蛊师的修为，就有基本能力自保，在这方世界中跋山涉水了。”
If I can reach the cultivation of a Third level Gu Master, I’d have the means to protect myself and leave the mountain.”

以五百年锻炼出来的魔道巨擘的目光来看，这个青茅山真的是太小了，古月山寨更像是个牢笼。
Through the eyes of a 500 year old person who has cultivated in the Demonic Way, Qing Mao Mountain was just way too small, Gu Yue Village even feels like a cage.

不过牢笼囚禁zì yóu的同时，坚固的牢房也往往代表着某种安全。
But while the cage restricted freedom, the sturdy bars of the cage also brought about a certain kind of safety.

“哼，短时间之内，就姑且在这牢笼里折腾拳脚吧。
“Hmm, in this short period of time I’ll just stay in this cage.

只要晋升蛊师三转，就离开这穷山僻壤。
As long as I can reach Third level Gu Master, I can leave this poor mountain.

不过幸好，明天就是开窍大典，此后不久就能正式开启蛊师的修行。”
Luckily tomorrow is the Awakening Ceremony, I’ll be able to start training as a Gu Master soon after.”

一想到开窍大典，方源心中那尘封已久的记忆就在心底浮现上来。
When he thought about the Awakening Ceremony, old memories that had long been buried away in his heart resurfaced themselves.

“资质么”望着窗外，他不由冷笑三声。
“Talent huh…” He sneered, his gaze focused out the window.

就在这时，房门被轻轻的推开，走进一位少年。
At this moment, the door to his room was lightly pushed open and a young teenager walked in.

“哥哥，你怎么站在窗边淋雨？”
“Big brother, why are you standing in the rain by the window side ?”

这少年体型消瘦，比方源要稍矮一些，面容极似方源。
The youth was thin, slightly shorter than Fang Yuan. His face resembled Fang Yuan’s features greatly.

方源回头看着这个少年，脸上闪过一丝复杂之sè。
As Fang Yuan turned his head to look at this young man, a complicated look flickered across his face.

“是你啊，我的孪生弟弟。”
“It’s you huh, my twin little brother.”

他微微扬起眉头，表情恢复了一贯的冷漠。
He raised his eyebrows, his expression returning to that of cold indifference.

方正低下头，看着自己的脚尖，这是他的招牌动作：“看到哥哥的窗户没有关，就想悄悄的进来关了。
Fang Zheng lowered his head and looked at his own toes, this is his signature stance. “I saw that big brother’s window was not shut closed, so I thought I’d come in here and close it.

明天就是开窍大典，哥哥你这么晚还不休息，舅父舅母知道了，恐怕会担心的。”
Tomorrow is the Awakening Ceremony, it’s so late and you haven’t gone to bed yet big brother. If Uncle and Aunty knew, they would probably be worried.”

他对方源的冷漠并不奇怪，皆因从小到大，他的哥哥一向如此。
Fang Zheng was not surprised at Fang Yuan’s coldness. Ever since he was a small child, his older brother had always been like that.

有时候他会想，也许天才就是这样的非同常人吧。
Sometimes he would wonder, maybe a genius is just like this, being rather different from ordinary people.

虽然和哥哥有着极为相似的相貌，但是自己却平凡的像个蝼蚁一样。
Even though he had the same look as his older brother, he felt that he was ordinary like an ant.

同时从一个娘胎里生出来，为什么上天就如此不公。
They were born from the same womb at the same time, and yet why are the heavens so unfair?

赋予了哥哥钻石般的才情，而自己普通的就像个石子。
His older brother had been endowed with gleaming talent, while he himself was as ordinary as a stone.

身边的每个人，提到自己，都会说“这是方源的弟弟。”
Everyone around him would say, “This is Fang Yuan’s little brother-” when they mentioned him.

舅父舅母也常教育自己，要向你哥哥学习呀。
His aunt and uncle would constantly tell him to learn from his older brother.

甚至就连自己有时候照镜子，看着自己的这张脸，都觉得有些厌恶！
Even when he looked into the mirror sometimes, he would feel disgusted as he saw his own face!

这些念头已经有许多年了，rì积月累地积压在内心深处。
These thoughts had been ongoing for many years, accumulating day and night deeply into his heart.

像是一块巨石压着心胸，这些年方正的头垂得越来越低，也越加沉默寡言。
Like a giant stone pressing against his heart, these few years Fang Zheng’s head lowered more and more, and he also grew quieter.

“担心”想到舅父舅母，方源在心中发出一记无声的嗤笑。
“Worried…” At the thought of his aunt and uncle, Fang Yuan laughed silently.

他记得很清楚，自己这个身体的双亲因为一次家族任务，而双双陨落。
He could still remember clearly how the parents of this world had both lost their lives in one of the clan missions.

在三岁的时候，就和弟弟一起成了孤儿。
When he was only 3 years old, he and his little brother became orphans.

舅父舅母就依着抚养的名义，堂而皇之地侵占了双亲的遗产，并且苛刻地对待自己和弟弟。
In the name of upbringing, his aunt and uncle grabbed hold of the inheritance left behind by his parents while inflicting harsh treatment against his younger brother and himself.

本来作为穿越众，还计划着韬光养晦。
He originally planned to just be a normal person, even planning to conceal his abilities and bide his time.

但是生活的艰辛，让方源不得不选择展露异于常人的“才华”。
However his life was difficult, making Fang Yuan have no choice but to choose to expose some of his talents.

所谓的天才，其实不过是一个成熟灵魂的理智，以及地球上几篇流芳百世的唐诗宋词罢了。
The so-called talent is merely but a mature and intellect soul that carried a few of Earth’s popular ancient poems.

就是这样小试身手，也被惊为天人，受到广泛关注。
With this he managed to startle people and capture attention.

外在的压力下，也让年幼的方源不得不选择冷漠的表情，来伪装保护自己，减少露馅的可能。
Because of pressure from the outside world, the young Fang Yuan made a decision to keep a cold indifferent expression to protect himself, reducing the possibility of revealing any secrets.

久而久之，冷漠反而成了自己的习惯表情了。
Over time the coldness would become a habit that he was accustomed to expressing.

就这样，舅父舅母再也不好苛刻自己和弟弟，随着年龄越大，前途越被看好，待遇也跟着增加。
Thus his aunt and uncle were no longer harsh on him and his younger brother. As the years passed and they got older, the future became more optimistic and better treatment increased.

不过这并非是爱，而是一种投资。
This was not lover, but a type of investment.

可笑这个弟弟，却没看清这个真相，不仅被舅父舅母蒙蔽，还对自己埋藏着怨恨。
It’s hilarious how his little brother never saw this truth,, not only was he deceived by their aunt and uncle, he also started burying resentments inside.

别看他现在这样乖巧老实，记忆中被测出甲等资质后，被家族大力培育，隐藏的仇恨嫉妒都释放出来，可没少针对、刁难、打压过自己这个亲哥哥。
Although he looked like a good-natured and honest boy now, in Fang Yuan’s memories when his brother was found out to be an A grade talent the clan spent much effort in raising him with all they had. After that all the buried resentment and jealous and hate inside was released, and many a time Fang Zheng would target, suppress and make life difficult for his own older brother.

而至于自己的资质嘛 呵呵，最高的只是个丙等罢了。
As for his own grade, it was only C grade talent.

命运总是爱开玩笑。
Fate loved to play a joke.

一胎双胞，哥哥资质只是丙等，却独享天才之名十几年。
A pair of twins – The older one only had C grade talent, but had been known as a genius for a dozen years.

弟弟默默无闻，反而有着甲等天资。
The younger one who was always overlooked was the one with A grade talent instead.

开窍的结果，让族人大跌眼镜。
The results of the Awakening Ceremony had left the clan shocked.

也让兄弟俩的处境待遇，彻底颠倒。
The treatment of the two brothers had suddenly reversed after that.

弟弟如卧龙升天，哥哥似凤雏落地。
The younger brother was like a dragon rising up to the heavens, the older brother was like a phoenix that fell down to the earth.

其后，是来自弟弟的多番刁难，舅父舅母的冷眼，族人的轻视。
After that came the many hardships and troubles from his own younger brother, the cold eyes of his aunt and uncle, the contempt of the clans people.

恨吗？
Did he hate it?

方源前世恨过，恨自己资质不足，恨家族无情，恨命运不公。
Fang Yuan in his previous life hated it. He hated his own lack of talent, he hated how heartless the clan was, hated how fate was so unfair.

但是现在，他以五百年的人生经历，重新审视这段历程，心中却波澜不惊，没有一点恨意。
But now, with his 500 years of life experiences, using this to rethink this course his heart was actually calm, not a shred of hatred.

有什么好愤恨的呢？
What was there to be gain from resentment?

换位思考一下，他也能理解弟弟，舅父舅母，以及五百年后那些围攻他的正派强敌。
Thinking about if from another point of view, he could understand his younger brother, aunt and uncle, even those enemies from 500 years later who attacked him.

弱肉强食，适者生存，本来就是这世间的本质。
The strong eat the weak, survival of the fittest, these have always been the rules of this world.

况且人各有志，都争那天机一线，彼此间打压杀伐有什么不理解的呢？
Everyone has self-ambitions, always struggling to grasp the opportunities. Among all the war and killing what is there not to be understood?

五百年的经历，早就让他看透了这一切，心中唯有长生大道。
500 years of life experience have long allowed him to understand all of this, with the heart that wants to gain immortality.

若是有人阻挡在他的这个追求，不管是谁，无非是你死我活罢了。
If someone tries to prevent this pursuit of his, no matter who it is he will kill and live through it.

心中的野望太大，踏上这条路，就注定举世皆敌，就注定独来独往，就注定杀劫重重。
The aspirations in his heart were too big, stepping onto this road was to be making the world your enemy, and it was destined to be alone, destined to kill.

这就是五百年人生凝练的觉悟。
This was the conclusion of 500 years of life.

“复仇不是我打算，邪魔的道路亦从没有妥协二字。”
“Revenge is not my intention, the Demonic path does not compromise.”

想到这里，方源不禁失笑。 回过头对着这个弟弟，淡淡地看了一眼，道：“你退下罢。”
With that he couldn’t help but laugh and gave his younger brother a faint glance. “You can leave.”

方正不禁心中一悸，感觉哥哥的目光如冰刃般犀利，似乎洞穿到了他内心的最深处。
Fang Zheng’s heart shook as he felt like his brother’s eyes were sharp like an ice blade, seemingly penetrating the deepest parts of his heart.

在这样的目光下，他如赤身在雪地里，没有丝毫的秘密可言。
Under such a gaze, he felt like he was naked in the snow, unable to hold any secrets.

“那明天见，哥哥。”
“Then I’ll see you tomorrow, big brother.”

当下再不敢多话，方正缓缓关上房门，诺诺而退。
Not daring to say anymore, Fang Zheng slowly closed the door and left.

第三节：请一边玩蛋去
Chapter 3: Please go aside and scram

邦、邦邦，邦、邦邦。
Bang, Bang, Bang.

巡游的更夫，敲着有节奏的梆子。
The patrolling night watchman banged his wooden clappers in a rhythm.

声音传入高脚吊楼，方源睁开干涩的眼皮，心中暗道：“是五更天了。”
The sounds spread into the high pillar houses, Fang Yuan opened his dry eyelids while his heart silently thought, “Its already the hour before dawn.”

昨夜躺在床上思索了很久，计划安排了一大堆，算起来只睡了一个时辰多丁点。
He had been lying in bed thinking for a long time last night. He thought up a lot of plans. He probably only slept for a little over two hours.

这个身体还没有开始修行，jīng力并不旺盛，因此一阵阵的疲累困乏之意，仍旧笼罩着身心。
This body has not started cultivating, his energy is not so vigorous and thus his body and mind were still shrouded in exhaustion.

不过五百多年的经历，早就打造了方源钢铁般深沉的毅志。
However with 500 years of experience Fang Yuan had long build up deep steel-like determination.

这点嗜睡之意，根本就算不了什么。
This sort of sleep-deprived exhaustion is nothing to him.

当即便推开身上的薄丝被褥，干净利落地起了身。
Immediately he shoved away the thin silk blanket and got up neatly.

推开窗户，chūn雨已经停了。
He opened the window and found that the spring rain had stopped.

混合着泥土、树木和野花的香味的清新湿气，顿时扑面而来。
The mix of fragrance of the earth, trees and wild flowers greeted him.

方源顿感头脑一清，昏沉的睡意被驱除了干净。
Fang Yuan felt his head clear, the sleepiness washing away cleanly.

此时太阳还未升起，天空蓝的深沉，似暗似亮。
Right now the sun had yet risen, the sky still a deep dark blue, not dark yet not bright.

放眼望去，用绿竹和树木搭建的高脚吊楼，和群山相衬着，一片幽静苍绿之。
Looking around, the tall houses made of green bamboo and wood contrasting with the mountain, was a sea of pale green colour.

sè。 高脚吊楼至少有两层，是山民居住屋的特有结构。
The tall houses had at least two floors, it was the mountain folk’s unique structure of a house.

因为山上崎岖不平，因此一楼是巨大的木桩，二楼才是人的居所。
Due to the mountain’s uneven terrain, the first floor is massive wooden stakes, the second floor is where the people reside.

方源和弟弟方正是住在二楼。
Fang Yuan and his brother Fang Zhen stayed at the second floor.

“方源少爷，您醒了。
“Young master Fang Yuan, you’re awake.

奴家这就上楼来，伺候您洗漱。”
I will go upstairs and wait for you to wash up.”

就在此刻，楼下传来一个少女的声音。
At this moment, a maiden’s voice floated up from downstairs.

方源低头一看，是自己的贴身丫鬟沈翠。
Looking down, Fang Yuan saw his own personal servant – Shen Cui.

她姿容只能算上中等，但打扮得好，穿着一身绿衫，长袖长裤，脚下是绣花鞋，黑发上还有一个珍珠簪子，全身上下都散发出青chūn的活力。
Her looks were only slightly above average, but she dressed up well. Shen Cui wore a green robe with long sleeves and trousers, had embroidered shoes on her feet and her black hair had a pearl hairpin. Her body from head to toe radiated youthful vitality.

她欢喜地望了一眼方源，端着一盆水，蹬蹬蹬的就上了楼。
She looked happily at Fang Yuan while carrying a basin of water, and walked upstairs.

水是调好的温水，用来洗脸。
The water was at the right warm temperature and was used to wash the face.

漱口则用柳条沾着雪盐，能净齿白牙。
After rinsing his mouth, he used a willow twig with snow salt to clean his teeth.

沈翠温柔的伺候着，脸上带着笑颜，眉目含chūn。
Shen Cui waited gently, her face wearing a smile and her eyes lively as spring.

而后又为方源穿衣结扣，在这过程中时不时地用丰满的胸脯蹭方源的胳膊，或者后背。
After he was done she helped Fang Yuan dress, her plump breasts rubbing against his elbow or his back a few times during the process.

方源面无表情，心如止水。
Fang Yuan’s face showed no expression, his heart was calm as water.

这个丫鬟不仅是舅父舅母的眼线，而且爱慕虚荣，xìng情薄凉。
This servant girl was nothing but his aunt and uncle’s watcheye and was a vain heartless girl.

上一世曾被其蒙蔽，到了开窍大典之后，自己地位一落千丈，她顿时就翻了脸，没少给过自己白眼。
In his previous life she enraptured him, but after the Awakening Ceremony when his status plummeted she quickly turned away her head and gave him countless disdainful looks.

方正来的时候，正看到沈翠为方源抚平胸口衣衫上的褶皱，眼中不由地闪过一丝羡慕嫉妒的光。
When Fang Zheng came over he was in time to see Shen Cui smoothing the creases on the clothing of Fang Yuan’s chest. His eyes had a flicker of jealousy.

这些年跟着哥哥一起生活，受方源的照顾，他也有个奴仆伺候着。
These years living together with his older brother, under the care of Fang Yuan he also had a servant waiting on him.

不过却不是沈翠这样的年轻丫鬟，而是个体型肥肿的老妈子。
However his servant was not a youthful girl like Shen Cui but a fat and wide old woman.

“若是哪天，沈翠能伺候我这样，该是什么滋味？”
“I wonder which day can Shen Cui wait on me like this, wonder what it feels like?”

方正心中有些想，又有些不敢想。
Fang Zheng thought inside his heart, yet he did not dare to.

舅母舅父偏爱方源，这是府上众所周知的事情。
His aunt and uncle’s biased love to Fang Yuan was no secret to everyone.

本来他都没有奴仆伺候，还是方源主动为方正要求来的。
Originally he did not even have a servant to wait on him. It was Fang Yuan who decided to take the initiative and ask for one for Fang Zheng.

虽说有着主仆的身份区别，但是平rì里方正也不敢小瞧这个沈翠。
Although there was the status difference of master and servant, but usually Fang Zheng did not dare underestimate Shen Cui.

皆因沈翠的母亲，就是舅母身边的沈嬷嬷，也是整个府里的管家，深受舅母之信任，有着不小的权柄。
That was because her mother was the Mother Shen(1) who stood beside his aunt and uncle. Mother Shen was the caretaker of the entire household – having full trust of his aunt and uncle, her authority was not small.

“好了，不用收拾了。”
“Alright, no need to tidy up.”

方源不耐地拂开沈翠的柔软小手，衣衫早就平整，沈翠更多的是在引诱。
Fang Yuan impatiently brushed away Shen Cui’s soft small hands. His clothing had long been tidy, she was just trying to seduce him.

对她来讲，自己前途光明，甲等资质的可能xìng极大，若是能成为方源的侧室，就能从奴转为主，可谓一步登天。
To Shen Cui and the brightness of her future, Fang Yuan’s possibility of having an A grade talent was huge. If she could be his concubine she would be able to elevate from servant status into master – it was quite a big step.

上一世方源被蒙蔽过，甚至喜欢上这个婢女。
In his previous life Fang Yuan was deceived by her and had feelings for Shen Cui.

重生之后却是洞若观火，心冷似霜。
After his rebirth he was clear as a blazing fire, his heart as cold as ice.

“你退下罢。”
“You can leave.”

方源看也不看沈翠，整理着自己的袖口。
Fang Yuan did not even look at Shen Cui as he tidied up his own sleeve cuffs.

沈翠微微撅嘴，为方源今rì的不解风情感到有些奇怪和委屈。
Shen Cui pouted slightly, feeling that today Fang Yuan’s puzzling behavior was rather odd and upsetting.

想要说什么撒娇的话，但是被方源若有若无的莫名气质震慑着，张口几次，最终说了声“是”，乖乖地退下。
She wanted to reply in a spoiled way but being scared by his cold and confusing nature, her mouth opened and closed a few times before she ended up saying ‘yes’ and retreating obediently.

“你准备好了？”
“Are you ready?”

方源看向方正。
Fang Yuan asked Fang Zheng.

弟弟呆呆地站在门口，低下头看着自己的脚尖，轻轻地嗯了一声。
His younger brother stood at the doorway, his head bowed down to look at his toes. He muttered a light ‘yes’.

他其实四更时就醒了，紧张的睡不着，偷偷起床早早就准备好了，两个眼圈都是黑的。
Fang Zheng had actually been awake since the fourth watch, too nervous to fall back asleep. He quietly got out of bed and got ready a long time ago, his eyes having black circles.

方源点点头，弟弟心中的想法，在前世他并不清楚，不过今生他又怎么不明白？
Fang Yuan nodded. In his previous life he was not clear about his younger brother’s thoughts, but in this life how could he not understand?

但此时点破毫无意义，淡淡地吩咐着：“那就走吧。”
But right now it was meaningless to him, and he lightly said, “Then let’s go.”

于是兄弟俩就走出了居所，一路上，碰到不少的同龄人，三三两两的，显然有着相同的目的地。
So the two brothers left the house. On the way they bumped into many youths of similar age, all in groups of twos and threes, quite clearly heading to the same destination.

“你们看，那是方家两兄弟。”
“Look guys, those are the Fang brothers.”

小耳边传来小心翼翼的议论声。
Their ears could pick up the small cautious talk.

“前面走着的就是那个方源，就是那个作诗的方源。” 有人强调着。
“The one walking in front is Fang Yuan, he’s the Fang Yuan who created the poems,” some of them emphasized.

“原来是他呀，面无表情、旁若无人的样子，果真和传闻中一样拽。”
“So that’s him. His face is expressionless as if he had no regard for others, just like the rumors say.”

有人语气酸酸，带着嫉妒和羡慕。
Someone said in a sour tone filled with jealousy and envy.

“哼，你要是能像他一样，你也可以这样拽！”
“Hmph, if you were like him then you can also act like that!”

有人冷哼着这样回答，隐藏着一种不满。
Someone coldly replied against the person, hiding a sort of dissatisfaction.

方正面无表情地听着，这样的议论声他早已习惯了。
Fang Zheng listened expressionlessly. He had long been accustomed to this kind of discussion.

他低着头，跟在哥哥的身后，默默走着。
His head low, he followed quietly behind his older brother.

此时天边已经亮起晨光，方源的影子就投在他的脸上。
By now the light of dawn had peeked over the horizon, casting Fang Yuan’s shadow over his face.

朝阳在渐渐升起，但是方正却忽然觉得，自己正走向黑暗。
The sun rose gradually, but Fang Yuan suddenly felt like he was walking into darkness.

这个黑暗来源于他的哥哥，也许这一辈子，自己都不能挣脱哥哥笼罩自己的巨大yīn影。
This darkness was coming from his older brother. Maybe in this life, he would never be able to escape from the imprisoning huge shadow of his brother.

他感到胸口传来一阵阵的压抑，甚至是呼吸不畅，这该死的感觉让他甚至联想到“窒息”这个词！
He felt a burst of pressure on his chest making his breathing difficult. This damned feeling was even making him think of the word ‘suffocate’!

“哼，这样的议论，果真是木秀于林风必催之。” 听着耳边的议论声，方源心中冷笑着。
“Hmph, this talk is a good example of the saying: ‘those who of outstanding talent easily bring about jealous from others’,” Fang Yuan thought with a sneer as he listened to the gossip around.

难怪在测出自己的丙等资质后，会四面环敌，很长一段时间都受着苛刻、白眼、冷遇。
No wonder when it was announced that he had C grade talent, he would be surrounded by enemies and suffer harsh, disdainful coldness for a long time.

身后弟弟方正越来越沉闷的喘息声，他也尽收耳底。
Behind him, Fang Zheng’s breathing got dreary and tried to stop listening.

前世没有察觉到的，今生则是明察秋毫。
What Fang Yuan did not manage to realize in his previous life, he could perceive with the finest detail in this life.

这都是五百年人生经历带来的敏锐洞察力。
This was the ability of keen insight that he had gained from 500 years worth of life experiences.

他忽然想到舅父舅母，真是有些手段。
He suddenly thought of his aunt and uncle and how scheming they were.

给自己配了沈翠来贴身监控，给弟弟配的老嬷嬷。 其实还有其他生活细节上的差别待遇。
Giving him Shen Cui to monitor him and passing his younger brother an old wet nurse, not including other things in life that were different among them.

这都是有意为之，就是要挑起弟弟心中的不平之气，挑拨和自己的兄弟情谊。
All these actions had intentions – They wanted to cause unhappiness in his younger brother’s heart and instigate a rift among the brothers.

世人皆不患寡，而患不均。
People are not worried about whether they receive less, people worry about whether whatever they received is undistributed well.

前世自己经历太少，弟弟又太傻太天真，被舅父舅母挑拨成功。
In his previous life his experiences were too little, while his younger brother was too foolish and too naïve, thus his aunt and uncle successfully instigated a riff among them.

重生以来，眼看着就要开窍大典，局面看似积重难返，但是以方源魔道巨擘的手段和智慧，也不是不可以改变。
After being reborn with the Awakening Ceremony before him, it seemed like the situation was difficult to change. But with Fang Yuan’s evil way of means and wisdom, it’s not like the situation cannot be changed.

这弟弟完全可以镇压收服，沈翠一个小小的丫头片子，更能提早收入后宫。
His younger brother can be suppressed entirely, that young Shen Cui he could turn into a concubine early on.

还有舅父舅母、族长家老，敲打他们至少有数百种方案。
Not forgetting his aunt and uncle and the clan elders – he had at least several hundred ways of beating them.

“但是，我却不想这么做呀”方源在心中悠然一叹。
“But, I don’t feel like doing that…” Fang Yuan sighed carefreely.

就算是亲弟弟又如何，没有亲情可言，只是个外人罢了，舍了也就舍了。
So what if it was his own younger brother? Without the blood relation his younger brother was just an outsider, he could easily give him up anytime.

就算是沈翠长得再漂亮又如何，没有爱和忠心，不过是一具。
So what if Shen Cui grew any prettier? Without love and loyalty she was just a heap of flesh of a body.

收入后宫？
Keep her as a concubine?

她还不配。
She’s not worthy.

就算是舅父舅母，族长家老又如何，都是生命中的过客，何必费尽心机，耗散jīng力，来敲打这些路人？
So what if it was his aunt and uncle, or the clan elders? They’re just passers-by in life, why waste effort and energy to beat these people?

呵呵。
Hehe.

只要不阻碍我赶路，那就一边玩自己的蛋去，踩都不屑踩。
As long as you don’t get in my way, then you can go aside and scram, I don’t need to care about you.


(1) Mother Shen is like a title or way to call a woman of her position.

第四节：古月方源！
Chapter 4: Gu Yue Fang Yuan

朝阳升起来，霞光烂漫。
The sun rises in the sky, the sun ray brilliant.

山雾不是很浓，被利剑般的阳光轻易洞穿。
The mountain fog is not very thick, the sharp rays easily pass through.

一百多位十五岁的少年，此刻汇集在家主阁前。
Over a hundred 15 year-old youths gathered in front of the clan pavilion.

家主阁就处在山寨的正zhōng yāng，高达五层，飞檐翘角，重兵把守。
The clan pavilion was in the middle of the village, reaching 5 storeys and having sharp tilted roofs, it was heavily guarded.

阁前就是广场，阁内供奉着古月先人的牌位。
Before the pavilion was the square, and in the pavilion was the shrine of the Gu Yue ancestor memorial tablets.

每代族长也都生活起居在这里面，每逢重大典礼，或者有突发大事，也会在这里召集家老们商讨议论。
Every generation of clan head had lived in the pavilion. With every major ceremony or big incident, the clan elders would gather and discuss meetings here as well.

这是整个山寨的权利中枢。
This was the entire village’s authority central.

“很好，都准时来了。
“Good, all of you are punctual.

今天是开窍大典，是你们人生的重大转折点。
Today is the Awakening Ceremony, it is your life’s great turning point.

闲话不多说了，随我来吧。”
I won’t say much, just come with me.”

负责此行的，是学堂家老。
The one responsible at the moment was the elder of the academy.

他须发皆白，jīng神矍铄地领着少年们进入家主阁。
His beard and hair were white and he was in high spirits as he led the young teenagers into the pavilion.

不过却没有上楼，而是通过一层大堂的入口，往下走。
However they did not go up, but were led downstairs after going through the entrance of a great hall.

顺着打造好的石梯，就进入地下溶洞。
Following down a constructed stone ladder, they went into an underground cave.

少年们纷纷发出惊叹之声。
The group of youths made surprised and amazed noises.

地下溶洞美轮美奂，钟rǔ石散发着赤橙黄绿青蓝紫七sè光华，这光彩映照在少年们的脸上，霓＝＝虹般绚烂。
The underground cave was beautiful, stalactites sparkling with the colors of the rainbow. This light shone on the youth’s faces, the neon hues gorgeous.

方源混杂在人群zhōng yāng，静静地审视这一切，心中暗暗思量：“数百年前，古月一族从中土迁徙到南疆，在这青茅山驻扎下来。
Fang Yuan was mixed into the crowd, quietly observing everything that was happening. In his heart, he thought: Hundreds of years ago, the Gu Yue clan came to Qing Mao Mountain and settled down after migrating from the central lands to the South Border.

就是看中了这里地下溶洞的一口灵泉。
It was when they found a spirit spring in this underground cave.

这灵泉产出大量元石，可以说是古月山寨的根基。”
This spirit spring produces a large number of primeval stones – It could be said that this was the foundation of the Gu Yue village.

行了数百步，却是越来越暗，并且依稀听到了水声。
They walked several hundred steps. It got darker and the sounds of water were faintly heard.

转过转角，一条宽三丈有余的地下河，就展现在众人眼前。
After turning around a corner, a 3 zhang – wide(1) underground river greeted them.

此地钟rǔ石的彩光，已经彻底消失了。 但是黑暗中，河水却散发着淡淡的幽蓝之光，好像是夜空中的星河。
By now the colorful lights of the stalactites had disappeared completely, yet in the darkness the river emitted faint blue light. It was like a star river of the night sky.

河水从溶洞的黑暗深处流淌过来，清澈无比，甚至可以看到里面的游鱼，水草，以及河底的沙石。
The river flowed from the dark depths of the cave. Inside the crystal clear waters, one could see fish, aquatic plants and even the sand beneath the river.

在河的对岸，是一片花海。
Opposite the river was a sea of flowers.

这是古月一族有意栽培的月兰花，花瓣如月牙，呈现出清丽淡雅的蓝粉sè。 花茎如玉，花心闪耀着，好像是珍珠在光下的折shè出来的温润光华。
This was the Gu Yue Clan’s closely cultivated moon orchids. The beautiful blue and pink colored petals were like shaped like a crescent moon, the flower stems were like jade, the center of the flower shining like the sort of warm brilliance that radiates from pearls under the light.

乍一眼看上去，在黑暗的背景中，河畔花海就好像是一大片的蓝绿地毯，点缀着数不清的珍珠。
At first glance, in the dark background the flower sea looks like a huge piece of land covered in bluish green carpet dotted with countless pearls.

“月兰花，是很多蛊虫的食材。
The moon orchid is food for a lot of Gu.

这片花海，可以说是家族最大的培养基地了。” 方源对此心知肚明。
This flower sea could be said as the clan’s biggest cultivation medium, Fang Yuan thought knowingly to himself.

“好美。” “真是漂亮呀。”
“Wow, so pretty!” “It really is beautiful!”

少年们算是开了眼界，一个个双眼放光，既兴奋又紧张。
The new sight opened the young teenagers’ eyes. Each one of them had a light radiating from their gaze with excited and anxious feelings.

“好了，下面听我报名，叫到的人穿过这河，到对岸去。
“Alright, listen as I call your names. Those who are called must walk through this river to the opposite bank.

能走多远，就走多远，当然越远越好。
Walk as far as you can, of course the further you go the better it is.

都听清楚了吗？”
Are you all clear?”

家老此刻说着。
The elder said.

“清楚了。” 少年们纷纷应是。
“All clear,” the youths replied.

其实来之前，都听家人或者前辈们讲过，知道走的越远，代表资质越好，rì后的成就也就越大。
Actually before they came here, they had all heard their family members or seniors talk about it. It is known that the further you can walk, the better your talent is. Your future will also become brighter.

“古月陈博。”
“Gu Yue Chen Bo.”

家老拿着名单点出第一人。
The elder held the name list and called out the first person.

河水虽宽却并不深，只及少年膝盖。
The river was wide but not deep – it covered up to a youth’s kneecaps.

陈博一脸的严肃，踏上河畔花海。
Chen Bo’s face was full of seriousness as he stepped into the flower sea ashore.

顿时他就感觉到一股隐形的压力，好像面前有一面看不见的墙，在阻挡他前进。
As he did so, he could feel an invisible pressure as if there was a wall in front of him that he could not see, blocking him from walking forward.

正举步维艰之时，脚畔的花海中忽然浮起一蓬光点，光点很稀薄，呈现素白之sè。
During this moment, the flowers at his feet suddenly gave off a weak white light.

光辉向陈博汇集过去，并投入到他的体内。
The light gathered around Chen Bo and entered his body.

陈博瞬间感觉到压力剧减。 那堵无形的墙壁，忽然变得柔软起来。
For a moment Chen Bo felt the pressure drop, the invisible wall blocking him suddenly felt softer.

他咬牙用力向前走，硬生生的挤进去。
With this, Chen Bo gritted his teeth and mustered his strength, walking forward.

走了三步之后，前方的压力又大增，一如之前如墙壁一样，不能再进分毫。
He tried to force his way in stiffly, yet after three steps the wall in front of him hardened again back to the state before. Thus he could not walk any further.

见到此景，家老一叹，当场一边记录，一边道：“古月陈博，三步，没有蛊师资质。
As he watched this the elder sighed. While recording what happened, he said, “Gu Yue Chen Bo, 3 steps, no talent to become a Gu Master.

下一个，古月藻榭。”
Next, Gu Yue Zao Xie!”

陈博脸sè顿时苍白，咬着牙，穿过河水，回到原处。
Chen Bo was deathly pale as he walked pass the river back to the youths, clenching his teeth.

没有资质，今后就只能作为一个凡人活着，在家族中也只能是最底层的地位。
Without the endowed talent he could live as a normal human, holding the lowest position in the clan.

他身躯摇摇yù坠，打击太大了，等于是扼杀了一生的希望。
His stature was shaky, it was a huge blow to him, as if reality had killed all his hopes.

很多人都向他投来怜悯的目光，更多的人则关注着第二位登上彼岸的少年。
Many people threw him pitiful gazes, while even more had fixated stares at the second person crossing the river.

可惜这个少年，也只能前进四步，同样没有资质。
It was a pity that this youth could only walk four steps forward – he did not have talent either.

并非所有人都有修行的资质，一般而言，十个人中有五人能修行，就已经不错了。
Not everyone has the natural talent to be a Gu Master. Generally speaking, it is not bad if five out of ten people have talent.

在古月家族里，这个比例还要高一些，达到六人的程度。
In the Gu Clan, this ratio is higher, reaching six people.

这是因为古月先祖，也就是一代族长，是一位大名鼎鼎的传奇强者，因为修行的缘故导致他的血脉中隐藏着承载力量的基因。 古月族人因为有着他的血脉，因此资质普遍较高。
This is because the Gu Yue clan’s ancestor – The first generation clan leader was a famous, legendary and powerful man. Due to cultivation reasons his bloodline carried powerful genes, thus the average quality of talent in the Gu Yue clan was generally higher as they carried his blood in their veins.

连续两个没有资质的情况，让暗中关注的其他家老们都脸sè难看起来，就是老成持重的古月族长，也微微蹙眉。
With two consecutive failures, the other elders observing the scene in the dark started making ugly expressions. Even the clan head was frowning slightly.

就在这时，学堂家老喊出第三个名字：“古月漠北。”
The next moment, the academy elder called out the third name: Gu Yue Mo Bei.

“在！”
“Here!”

一个身穿麻布衣衫的马脸少年，轻喝一声，越众而出。
A horse-faced youth dressed in linen robes lightly called as he came forth.

他身材高大，比同龄人要粗壮得多，透着一丝彪悍气息。
He was tall in build, looking much sturdier than his peers. There was a brave aura about him.

三两步过了河，踏上对岸。
He crossed the river in a few steps and reached the opposite bank.

十步，二十步，三十步，陆续有微光投入到他的体内。
10 steps, 20 steps, 30 steps, one after another small lights entered his body.

一直走到三十六步，终于走不动了。
He walked until he reached 36 steps before he could finally go no further.

少年们隔岸看得目瞪口呆，学堂家老欢喜得大叫起来：“好，古月漠北，乙等资质，来这里，让我看看你的元海。”
The youths at the riverbank watched with wide opened eyes, shocked. The academy elder happily exclaimed, “Good, Gu Yue Mo Bei, B grade talent! Come here, let me see your Primeval sea.”

古月漠北便又回到学堂家老的身边，后者伸出手，搭在少年的肩膀，闭目凝神探查了一番，便收回手，点点头，在纸上记录起来：“古月漠北，元海六成六，可大力栽培。”
Gu Yue Mo Bei walked back to the academy elder’s side. The latter stretched out his hand and put it on the juvenile’s shoulder, closing his eyes as he checked with focus. Then he retracted his hand and nodded, recording down on the paper: Gu Yue Mo Bei, primeval sea measuring six by six, can be vigorously trained.

这资质从上到下，分甲乙丙丁四等。
This special talent can be measured by four grades – A grade to D grade.

一位丁等资质的少年，培养个三年，就能晋升成一转的资深蛊师，成为家族的基石。
A D grade talent youth who is raised for 3 years would be able to become a rank one senior Gu Master, become the foundation of the family.

一位丙等资质的少年，培养两年，大多都能成为二转的蛊师，成为家族的中坚存在。
A C grade talent youth after two years of cultivation will usually be able to become a rank two senior Gu Master, becoming the clan’s backbone.

一位乙等资质，就要呵护了。
A B grade talent must be cared for.

往往要作为未来的家老培养，六七年的功夫，能成为三转蛊师。
Often becoming a future clan elder, with 6-7 years of training they will become rank three Gu Masters.

至于甲等资质，哪怕出现一位，都是整个家族的幸运。
And when it comes to A grade, even if it was just one, would bring great luck to the entire clan.

要细心关照，倾斜资源，十年左右就能成为四转蛊师，到那时便能竞争族长之位！
Great care must be given, with this talent in about 10 years they can become a rank four Gu Master. At that moment they would be able to compete for the position of the head of the clan!

也就是说，这古月漠北只要成长起来，就是今后古月一族的家老。
In other words, as long as this Gu Yue Mo Bei grows up, eventually he will become one of the elders of the Gu Yue clan.

难怪学堂长老喜得哈哈一笑，而暗中关注的众家老们都统统舒了一口气，而后又纷纷向其中一位家老投去羡慕的目光。
That is why the academy elder laughed happily, the elders watching in the darkness also sighed in relief, then they all turned to look at one of the elders amongst them with jealousy.

这家老也是一副马脸，正是古月漠北的爷爷古月漠尘。
This elder was also horse-faced, known as Gu Yue Mo Bei’s grandfather, Gu Yue Mo Chen.

他脸上早已经荡漾起笑意，又挑衅地看了一眼自己的老对头：“怎么样，我的孙儿不差吧，古月赤练。”
His face was already smiling. He provokingly looked at his old nemesis and said, “What do you think? My grandson isn’t bad huh, Gu Yue Chi Lian.”

家老古月赤练一头红发，此时冷哼一声，并未答话，脸sèyīn沉得很是难看。
Gu Yue Chi Lian had a head full of red hair. He made an annoyed ‘hmph’, not replying to other. It was apparent that his face expression was really dark.

半个时辰之后，已有一半少年踏足过花海，涌现了不少丙等、丁等的资质，当然毫无资质的占了几乎一半。
One hour later, half of the youths had already walked through the flower sea. There were quite a number of C and D grade talents among them, while half of those youths had no talent at all.

“唉，血脉越来越稀薄，加上这些年来，家族也没有出现几位四转强者，来增强血脉。
“Sigh, the bloodline is getting thinner. These few years the clan hasn’t had any rank four masters to strengthen the bloodline.

四代族长是唯一的五转强者，结果却和花酒行者同归于尽，没有留下血脉后裔。
The fourth generation clan head was the only rank five master, but in the end he perished together with the Flower Wine monk and did not leave behind any descendants.

古月一族后辈的资质是越来越弱了。” 族长深深的叹息着。
The Gu Yue clan’s later generation talents are getting weaker and weaker,” the clan head said with a deep sigh.

就在这时，学堂家老喊道：“古月赤城。”
At this moment, the academy elder shouted, “Gu Yue Chi Chen!”

听到这个名字，家老们纷纷看向古月赤练，这是古月赤练的孙子。
On hearing this name all the elders looked at Gu Yue Chi Lian, this was Gu Yue Chi Lian’s grandson.

古月赤城身材矮小，满脸麻子，捏着拳头，满脸出汗，显得特别的紧张。
Gu Yue Chi Lian had a small and short build with a face full of pockmarks. He was clenching his fist, his entire face sweating. It was evident that he was incredibly nervous.

他踏上对岸，光点纷纷投入他的体内，一连走到三十六步，这才停步。
As he walked onto the opposite bank, the little lights entered his body, after walking straight for 36 steps he stopped.

“又一个乙等！”
“Another B grade!”

学堂家老叫喊着。
The academy elder yelled.

少年们sāo动起来，纷纷向古月赤城投来羡慕的目光。
The youths started a commotion, sending Gu Yue Chi Chen envious stares.

“哈哈哈，三十六步，三十六步！”
“Hahaha, 36 steps, 36 steps!”

古月赤练大叫着，示威地瞪着古月漠尘。
Gu Yue Chi Lian shouted, proudly staring at Gu Yue Mo Bei.

这次轮到古月漠尘脸sè铁青了。
This time it was Gu Yue Mo Chen’s turn to have a sour face.

“古月赤城么”人群中，方源若有所思的摩挲着下巴。
“Gu Yue Chi Chen, huh…” In the midst of the crowd, Fang Yuan stroked his chin thoughtfully.

记忆中，他因为在开窍大典中作弊，而受到了族中的严厉惩罚。
In his memories, the clan heavily punished Gu Yue Chi Chen because he cheated during the Awakening Ceremony.

事实上，他的资质只有丙等，但是他的爷爷古月赤练为他作假，因此有了乙等资质的假象。
In reality Chi Chen only had a C grade talent, but because his grandfather Gu Yue Chi Lian helped him fake the results, that’s why he appeared to have B grade talent.

其实要作弊，方源心中有数十种方案，有些方案比古月赤城的更加完美。
To be honest if he wanted to cheat, Fang Yuan had a countless number of ways to do so, some ways even more perfect than Gu Yue Chi Chen’s method.

若是表现出乙等，或者甲等的资质，必然受到家族的大力栽培。
If a B grade or A grade talent appeared, they would receive the clan’s huge care.

但是一来，方源重生的时间太短，以他的境况难以准备作弊手段。
But firstly, Fang Yuan had only just been reborn. It was hard to prepare the cheating method by this condition.

二来，就算是作弊成功，rì后修行时的速度是掩盖不住的，照样会露相。
Secondly, even if he managed to cheat, he would not be able to fake his cultivation speed. He would be exposed by then.

而这个古月赤城却不一样，他的爷爷就是古月赤练，是家族中权势最重的两个家老之一，能够为他遮掩。
However Gu Yue Chi Chen was different, his grandfather was Gu Yue Chi Lian – One of the two elders with the most authority within the clan. With this Chi Lian would be able to cover up for his grandson.

“古月赤练一直和古月漠尘敌对，这两个家老是家族中最大的两派势力。
“Gu Yue Chi Lian was always hostile towards Gu Yue Mo Chen, these two elders are the clan’s two biggest influential authorities.

为了打压对手，他需要自己的孙子资质出众。
To suppress his opponent he would need his own grandson to have an outstanding talent.

也正是因为他在背后掩护，古月赤城才能够隐瞒一时。
It is also because he was helping from behind, Gu Yue Chi Chen was able to conceal the truth for a time.

记忆中要不是那场意外，也不会暴露。”
In my memories, if it were not for that incident, the truth would never have been exposed.”

方源眼中闪烁着jīng芒，思量着该怎么利用这点来谋夺最大的利益呢？
Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with light, his mind thinking up ways to use this knowledge to his advantage.

当场揭露，虽然会得到家族的一点奖赏，但是却会得罪位高权重的古月赤练，绝不可取。
If he exposed the matter on the spot, he would receive a bit of reward from the clan, but then he would offend the highly powerful Gu Yue Chi Lian. This was not advisable.

短时间之内，也不能敲诈勒索。
Within such a short time he also could not blackmail them.

因为实力太低，反而会自取其祸。
Due to having low status, it would just backfire on him.

正思量着，忽然听到学堂家老叫出自己的名字：“古月方源！”
As he pondered, he suddenly heard the academy elder call out his own name: “Gu Yue Fang Yuan!”


(1) 3 Zhang() – This is an old measurement unit in ancient China.


1 Zhang is 3.3 meters.

第五节：人祖三蛊，希望开窍
Chapter 5: The First Human and 3 Gu, Hopes Awakening

霎时间，周围一静，无数道目光向自己投shè而来。
In that moment his surroundings went quiet. Countless numbers of eyes were on him.

“真是越来越jīng彩了。” 方源在心底笑了笑，众目睽睽之下，他淌过河水，踏上对岸。
It’s getting more and more exciting, Fang Yuan thought to himself with a laugh. Under the gazes of the masses, he walked across the river and reached the opposite bank.

顿时，他就感到一层压力。
He could feel a layer of pressure on him.

这压力来自于花海深处的灵泉，灵泉产生元气，因为元气太过于浓郁充沛，便导致了压力。
This pressure came from the spirit spring deep in the flower sea. The spirit spring produced primeval qi – because the qi was too rich in here, it caused the pressure.

但是很快，从方源脚边的花丛中，就升腾起一阵光点。
But very quickly from the flowers below Fang Yuan’s feet, little lights made their way up.

光点飘摇，笼罩住方源的全身，最后悉数投入到他的体内。
These dots of light enveloped his entire body before finally entering him.

“这就是希望蛊了。” 方源心中喃喃。
These are the Hope Gu, mused Fang Yuan.

负责人虽然没有说明，但他知道的很清楚。
The person in charge did not tell them, but he knew it very clearly.

这每一个光点，都是一只蛊。 蛊名为希望。
Every spot of light is a Gu, known as the Hope Gu.

有一个最古老的传说，就是说的希望蛊。
One of the oldest legends talk about the Hope Gu.

传说，这个世界刚刚形成的时候，一片蛮荒，野兽横行，出现了第一个人类，名字叫人祖。
In the legend, when the world was just formed it was a land of savage wilderness. Among the wild beasts that walked the earth, the first man appeared.

他茹毛饮血，生活十分困难。
He was known as Ren Zu (1), eating raw meat and drinking blood, living a difficult life.

尤其是还有一群野兽，名字叫困境 ，特别喜欢人祖的味道，想要吃掉他。
In particular was a group of wild beasts called Predicament. These wild beasts loved the taste of Ren Zu and longed to eat him.

人祖没有山石般强硬的身躯，没有野兽的利齿爪牙，怎么和这群叫做困境的野兽争斗呢？
Ren Zu did not have a body as strong as mountain rock, nor did he have the sharp teeth and claws of a wild beast. How could he fight with the Predicaments?

他的食物来源很不稳定，整天东躲xī zàng，处在大自然食物链的低端，几乎就要生活不下去了。
His source of food was unstable and he had to hide all day. He was at the bottom of nature’s food chain, and could barely survive.

这个时候，有三头蛊，主动找上门来，对人祖说：“只要你用你的生命来供养我们，我们就帮助你渡过难关。”
At this moment, there were 3 Gu that came up to him and said, “As long as you use your life to provide us, we will help you through this difficulty.”

人祖走投无路，只好答应了这三头蛊。
Ren Zu had nowhere to go, so he could only agree to these 3 Gu.

他先用自己的青chūn少年，供养了三只蛊中最大的那只，那只蛊带给了他力量。
He first gave his youth away to the biggest Gu among the three. That Gu then granted him strength.

靠着力量，人祖的生活开始改善了，他开始有稳定的食物来源，有能够自保的力量。
With strength, Ren Zu’s life began to change. He started to have a stable source of food and was able to protect himself.

他好勇斗狠，击败了很多困境。
He fought bravely and ruthlessly, defeating many Predicaments.

但很快就吃了苦头。 最后他发现，力量不是万能的，它也需要恢复和修养，不能随意挥霍。
But soon he suffered and finally realized that strength was not everything. It needed to heal and be cultivated, not spent freely at his will.

而且对于整个困境兽群来讲，他一个人的力量实在太小了。
Not to mention when facing the entire group of Predicaments, his strength alone was too small.

人祖痛定思痛，决定用自己最年富力强的中年，来供养三只蛊中最美丽的那只。
Ren Zu reflected over this lesson bitterly and decided to give his prime middle years to the most beautiful Guamong the three.

于是，第二只蛊带给了他智慧。
And thus, the second Gu gave him wisdom.

人祖有了智慧，学会了思考和反省，并开始累积经验。 他发现很多时候运用智慧，比运用力量更有效果。
With wisdom, Ren Zu was able to learn how to think and reflect. He began to accumulate experience and found out that many times when he used wisdom, it was more effective than using strength.

靠着智慧和力量，他一度征服了许多先前无法征服的目标，击杀了更多困境。
By relying on wisdom and strength was he able to conquer all the goals that he formerly could not, and killed many Predicaments.

并吃困境的肉，喝困境的血，以此顽强的生存下去。
He ate the meat of Predicaments and drank the blood of Predicaments, surviving with tenacity.

但好景不长，人祖老了，越来越老。
But good things do not last and Ren Zu was old, and would only grow older and older.

这是因为，他把少年和中年，都供奉给了力量蛊和智慧蛊。
This is because he gave away his youth and middle years to keep the strength and wisdom Gu.

人一老，肌肉就萎缩，脑筋也转不快了。
When a man is old, his muscles deteriorate and his brain slows down.

“人啊，你还能带给我们什么呢，你再没有什么能供奉我们的东西了。” 力量蛊和智慧蛊发现了这点后，都绝情地离开了。
“Human, what else can you give us? You don’t have anything else left to provide to us,” the strength and wisdom Gu said as they realized this. They left him.

人祖丢失了力量和智慧，又被困境发现，陷入了兽群的包围。
Without wisdom and strength, Ren Zu was once surrounded by Predicaments.

他老了，已经跑不动了，牙齿也脱落光了，连野果野菜都嚼不动。
He was old and could not run, his teeth had fallen out and could not even chew wild fruits and plants.

他无力地瘫倒在地上，周围是密密麻麻的困境，他心中全是绝望。
As he fell weakly onto the ground surrounded by Predicaments, his heart was filled with desperation.

就在这个时候，第三蛊对他说：“人啊，你供奉我吧，我能让你脱离困境。”
It was at this time the third Gu said to him, “Human, take me up. I will help you escape Predicament.”

人祖流着泪道：“蛊啊，我还能有什么呢？
Ren Zu tearfully replied, “Gu, I don’t have anything else left.

你看，力量蛊和智慧蛊都抛弃我了。
See, the strength and wisdom Gu have abandoned me.

而我只剩下了老年。
I only have my old age left!

相比较少年，和中年，老年虽然不值一提，但如果我把老年都供奉给你，我的生命也就会立刻完结。
While it is not as worth my youth and middle age, but if I give you my old age, my life would immediately end.

我现在虽然被困境包围了，但是一时半刻也不会死。
Even though I am surrounded by Predicaments right now, but I will not die immediately.

我还想多活一些时间，哪怕是一秒钟也好。
I wish to live a little longer, even if just a second more.

所以你走吧，我已经无法供奉你了。”
So you should leave, I have nothing else to provide to you.”

那蛊却说：“在三只蛊中，我的要求最小了。
But the Gu said, “Among the three I have the smallest needs.

人啊，你只要把心交给我，就可以了。”
Human, if you just give me your heart, it will be enough.”

“那我就把心交给你好了。”
“Then I will give you my heart,” Ren Zu said.

人祖道，“但是蛊啊，你能带给我什么呢？
“But Gu, what can you give me in return?

现在这个绝境，哪怕是力量蛊和智慧蛊重新回到我的身边，也改变不了啊。”
In this situation, even if the strength and wisdom Gu returned to my side, it would change nothing.”

和力量蛊相比，这只蛊身躯最孱弱，只是一个小小的光点。
When compared to the strength Gu, this Gu looked frail and was just a tiny ball of light.

和智慧蛊相比，这只蛊最黯淡，只能发出微弱的白光，一点都不华美绚丽。
When compared to the wisdom Gu, this one was only able to give out a dim white light, not beautiful in any way.

但是当人把心交给了这只蛊后，这只蛊忽然绽放出无限的光明，在这光明中，困境们惊恐地大叫：“这是希望蛊，快撤，我们困境最怕希望了。”
But when Ren Zu gave it his heart, this Gu suddenly gave out endless light. In this light, the Predicaments screamed in horror: “This is the Hope Gu, withdraw! We Predicaments are most afraid of hope!”

困境兽群顿时仓皇而退。
The Predicaments retreated suddenly.

人祖目瞪口呆，从那一刻起，他知道了——面对困境，就把心交给希望。
Ren Zu was speechless, and from that day onwards whenever he faced predicament, he would give his heart to hope.

而此时，希望蛊汇成一束光流，已经进入了方源体内。
At this moment, the Hope Gu converged into a stream of light and had already entered Fang Yuan’s body.

因为外界的压力，它们很快汇集到方源的腹部，在肚脐下三寸处，自发地团成一团。
Due to the outside pressure they quickly gathered into his abdomen and collected into a group spontaneously, 3 inches under his navel.

方源顿时感到压力稍减。
Fang Yuan suddenly felt the pressure lessen.

他迈开步伐，继续前行。
He began to walk forward.

每走一步，都会有陆续的希望蛊从花海中飞腾而出，投入他的身体，加入光团。
With every step he took, one after another the Hope Gu would fly out from the sea of flowers and enter his body, joining the ball of light.

光团越来越大，越来越亮。 但是隔岸的负责人却皱起了眉头。
The ball of light grew brighter and brighter, but the person in charge opposite the riverbank frowned.

“这希望蛊的数量，似乎有些少啊。”
“This number of Hope Gu is lesser than expected.”

一直暗中关注着方源的很多家老，看到此景，都不由地心中一沉
Many elders watching Fang Yuan in the dark thought this as they saw the sight.

族长也皱起眉头，这绝不是甲等资质该有的气象！
The clan head frowned as well. This was definitely not the sign of an A grade talent!

方源顶着压力，继续往前走。
Fang Yuan withstood the pressure, continuing to walk forward.

“十步以下，是没有修行资质。
“Below 10 steps it means that there is no cultivation talent.

十步到二十步之间，是丁等资质。
10-20 steps means D grade talent.

二十步到三十步之间，是丙等资质。 三十步到四十步，是乙等资质。 四十步到五十步，是甲等。
20-30 steps would be C grade talent, 30-40 steps is a B grade talent. And 40-50 steps would mean A grade talent.

到目前为止，我已经走了二十三步。”
Up till now, I have walked 23 steps.”

“二十四、二十五、二十六二十七。”
24, 25, 26… 27.

方源心中默默地数着，到了二十七步时，就仿佛听见轰的一声，腹部两肾中间的光团积蓄到了极限，突然猛地一炸。
Fang Yuan counted in his heart, when he walked the 27th step he could hear a bang and in between his two kidneys the ball of light reached its limit and suddenly exploded.

这一炸，只发生在方源体内，外人根本察觉不出，只有方源在刹那间感到一种惊天动地的玄妙。
This burst of energy only happened inside his body, outsiders cannot see it. Only Fang Yuan alone could feel at that moment, an earthshaking reaction.

霎时，他全身汗毛乍立，毛孔紧闭，心神如猛地拉开的弓弦，骤然张紧。
Instantly the fine hairs on his body stood up, his pores shut tight, his mind stretched to a tense limit.

旋即，脑海忽然一空，整个身躯软绵绵地，好像是坠入了云巅。
Soon after, his mind went blank, his entire body becoming soft as if he fell into some clouds.

心弦由此放松，汗毛扶顺，全身所有毛孔都张开。
His heart relaxed, his fine hairs flattening and his pores re-opened again.

一下子，全身就出了一层微汗。
In a short while his entire body was perspiring.

这个过程，说起来有些长，其实特别的短暂。
This entire process felt long, but it actually happened in a short time.

来的快，去的也极为突然。
The feeling went away as fast as it came.

方源失神只是一瞬，就回过了神。
Fang Yuan was blanked out for a short moment before he returned to his senses.

他暗中凝神往体内一探，就发现腹部肚脐以下，两肾zhōng yāng凭空出现了一窍。
He secretly focused his attention into his body and found that below his navel and in between his two kidneys, an aperture had formed out of thin air.

开窍成功了！
The Awakening Ceremony was a success!

这就是长生的希望！
This was the hope to immortality!


(1) Ren Zu () – Ren is human, Zu is ancestor.


He is the first human, like the Adam from Adam & Eve.

第六节：未来的路，会很精彩
Chapter 6: The road to the future will be interesting

空窍玄妙异常，虽然寄托在方源体内，但是却不和五脏六腑同处一个空间。
The aperture was mysterious and unusual. Although it was located inside Fang Yuan’s body, it was at the same time, not sharing the same space with his internal organs.

你可以说它无限大，又可以说它无限小。
You could say that it was endlessly huge, yet at the same time infinitely small.

有人称之为紫府，有人称之为华池。
Some call it the Purple Prefecture, some call it the Chinese Pool.

不过更多人称之为元海空窍。
However many know it as the Primeval Sea Aperture.

整个空窍呈球形，空窍表面流动着白光，是一层光膜。
The entire body is spherical and the surface of it is covered in flowing white light, like a thin layer of light coating.

就是先前的希望蛊炸裂开来，凝聚的一层光。
It was the layer of light from the Hope Gu that previously exploded.

正是因为有了这层光膜，才支撑着空窍，不会塌陷。 空窍之中，自然就是元海。
This thin membrane of light supported the aperture so it would not collapse, and inside the aperture was naturally, the Primeval Sea.

海水平滑如镜，呈现一片碧青之sè，却又浓稠无比，带着铜的光泽。
The seawaters were smooth like a mirror, showing a greenish blue color, yet the water was dense and brought about a copper luster.

这是一转蛊师才有的青铜真元凝结，俗称青铜海。
Only Rank one Gu Masters can form this green coppery primeval essence, known as the green copper sea.

海面不到空窍的一半高度，只有四成四。
The height of the sea surface was not up to half of the aperture – it was only up to 44%.

这也是丙等资质的局限。
This was also the limitation of a C grade talent.

每一滴的海水，都是真元，代表着方源jīng气神的凝结，象征着他十五年来积蓄出来的生命潜能。
Every drop of seawater was pure primeval essence, representing the condensation of Fang Yuan’s essence, vitality and soul. It was also the accumulation of his life potential over the past 15 years.

蛊师就是用这真元来催动蛊虫，也就是说，从此刻起，方源就正式迈入一转蛊师的行列＊ 。
This primeval essence is used by Gu Masters to raise Gu. This also means that from now onwards, Fang Yuan has formally entered the route of a Rank one Gu Master.

空窍已开，再没有希望蛊汇入方源体内。
Since the aperture had opened, no more Hope Gu entered Fang Yuan’s body.

方源收起心神，只觉得前方的压力坚厚如壁，也不能再进一步。
Fang Yuan gathered himself and felt that the pressure before him was as thick as a wall, he could no longer walk another step forward.

“一如前世啊。” 对这个结果他淡然一笑。
“Just like my previous life,” he smiled indifferently at this result.

“不能再走了吗？”
“You can’t go any further?”

学堂家老抱着万分之一的希望，隔岸喊道。
The academy elder shouted across the river, holding onto a small thread of hope.

方源直接转身往回走，以实际行动回答了他。
Fang Yuan turned around and walked back, answering with his actions.

这下子，就连那些少年们也反应过来了。
At this moment even the young teenagers started reacting.

顿时，就听嗡的一声，人群炸开了锅。
The crowd suddenly buzzed with chatter.

“什么？
“What?

方源走了二十七步？”
Fang Yuan walked 27 steps?”

“原来他只有丙等资质？”
“So he was just a C grade talent?!”

“难以置信，他这么天才，只是个丙等？”
“Unbelievable, only a C grade for such a genius like him?”

人群中掀起轩然大波。
A great disturbance erupted from the crowd.

“哥哥”在人群中，古月方正抬起头来，震惊地看着趟河回来的方源。
“Big brother…” Among them, Gu Yue Fang Zheng looked up, watching with shock as Fang Yuan returned across the river.

他不敢相信眼前的一幕，自己的哥哥居然只是一个丙等？
He could not dare to believe it, his own brother was only a C grade?

他一直认为，哥哥会是个甲等资质。
He had always thought that his older brother would be an A grade talent.

不，不仅是他，舅父舅母还有族中的许多人都这么认为着。
No, not just him, even his aunt and uncle and so many people among the clan thought the same too.

但是现在，结果居然是这样！
But now, the result was unexpectedly the opposite!

“可恶，居然只是个丙等！”
“Damn, he was only a C grade!”

古月族长暗捏双拳，深深地叹了一口气，失望之情溢于言表。
The Gu Yue clan head clenched both his fists, drawing a deep breath, disappointment in his voice.

暗中关注的家老们，有的皱起眉头，有的低头谈论，有人仰天长叹。
The elders watching from the darkness had mixed reactions. Some were frowning, some lowering their head in discussion, some looking up with a sigh.

“会不会测试有误？”
“Could the results be wrong?”

“怎么可能？
“How can that be?

这方法准确无比，况且有我们一直盯着，作弊都难。”
This method is accurate beyond reasoning, not to add that we were watching the entire time, even cheating is hard.”

“可是，那他先前的表现和才情，又怎么解释呢？”
“But all his actions and intelligence previously, how do you explain those?”

“元海资质越高的少年，的确会表现出超越常人的特xìng。
“Youths with higher quality of primeval sea would indeed display characteristics that surpass the ordinary man.

比如聪颖、悟xìng、记忆力、力量、敏捷等等。
Such as intelligence, perception, memory, strength, agility and so on.

但是反过来，这些特xìng并不代表资质一定就高，一切还得以测试结果为准。”
On the other hand, these characteristics do not mean that the primeval talent is definitely high. Everything will still be determined by the results.”

“唉，希望越大失望越大。
“Sigh, the bigger your hopes the bigger the disappointment.

古月一族是一代不如一代了。”
The Gu Yue clan’s generation now is no longer like the first generation.” —

冰凉的河水，浸湿了足袜，冷得有些刺骨。
His socks were soaked with the icy cold waters from the river, the coldness piercing into his bones.

方源依旧面无表情地走着，距离越来越近，他可以清晰地看到学堂家老沉重的表情，可以敏锐地觉察到上百位少年投来的目光。
Fang Yuan walked with the same emotionless face, his distance getting closer and closer towards the crowd. He could clearly see the academy elder’s heavy expression, and was aware of the stares thrown at him from over a hundred youths.

这目光中有惊诧，有震动，有嘲讽，有幸灾乐祸，有恍然，有冷漠。
These glares were mixed with amazement, shock, sneering, and some taking pleasure at this unfortunate event, some indifferent.

一模一样的情境，让方源不由地想到了前世。
It was the same situation, making Fang Yuan unwillingly remember his previous life.

那时自己感觉天都塌下来了，过河时失足摔了一跤，浑身湿透，失魂落魄。
During that time he felt as if the sky had fallen. When he crossed the cold river he lost his footing and fell, soaking his entire body in the water, feeling so lost.

却没有一个人搀扶自己。
No one came forward to help him up.

这些失望、冷漠的表情和眼神，像是尖刀凌迟着自己的心。
Those disappointed, cold expressions and gazes were like sharp knives, piercing into his very own heart.

思绪纷乱无比，胸口更是隐隐作痛。
His mind was in chaos, his chest searing with pain.

就好像是从云端摔到地上，站得越高，摔得越狠。
It was as if he had fallen from the clouds, down to the ground. The higher you stand, the harder you fall.

不过，今生。 重临这样的场景，方源的心却平静无比。
But in this life, as the same scene replayed itself, Fang Yuan’s heart was calm.

他想到了那个传说，当困境来临时，要把心交给希望。
He thought of the legend: When Predicaments come, give your heart to Hope.

如今这个希望，就在自己的体内。
And today that hope is inside of him.

虽然这希望不大，但已经好过那些毫无修行资质的人。
Even though it was not big, but it was better than those people who had totally no primeval talent.

别人因此而失望，那就失望吧，又能如何呢？
If others feel disappointed, then let them be disappointed. What else can they do?

别人的失望与我何干？
What does other people’s disappointments have to do with me?

重要的是自己心存希望！
The most important thing is to carry hope inside my heart!

五百年的生涯，让他明白了一个道理：人的一生之jīng彩，在于自己追逐梦想的过程。
500 years of living had led him to understand that the interesting things that happen in a person’s life, happens during the process when one chases after his own dreams.

不必苛求旁人的不失望或者喜欢。
There is no need to ask others around you to not be disappointed or make them like it.

走自己的路，让旁人失望和不喜欢去吧！
Walk on your own path, let others be disappointed and unhappy however they please!

“唉”学堂家老深深地叹了一口气，又喊道，“下一位，古月方正。”
“Sigh…” The academy elder let out a deep breath and shouted, “Next, Gu Yue Fang Zheng!”

却无人应答。
But no answer came.

“古月方正！”
“Gu Yue Fang Zheng!”

家老大喝，声音在溶洞中嗡嗡回响。
The elder yelled again, the sound of his voice reverberating inside the cave.

“啊？
“Ah?

我在，我在！”
I’m here, I’m here!”

方正从震惊的情绪中挣脱，连忙跑出，不幸脚下一个踉跄，顿时摔了个跟头，噗通一声，恰巧滚落到河里。
Fang Zheng snapped out of his shock and ran out hurriedly. Unfortunately he tripped over his own foot and fell, hitting his head with a groan and tumbled into the river.

顿时，哄堂大笑。
Instantly the entire cave was filled with huge laughter.

“方家兄弟，不过如此。”
“The Fang brothers, nothing special.”

古月族长冷哼一声，对古月方正也产生了一种厌烦。
The Gu Yue clan head scoffed, feeling a sort of annoyed boredom towards Fang Zheng.

“这下丢人丢大了！”
“This is such a huge embarrassment!”

方正在河水中奋力扑腾了几下，奈何这河底甚滑，根本站不起来。
Fang Zheng struggled and splashed in the water. The bottom of the river was just too slippery, he couldn’t get up properly.

努力的结果，反而显得他更加笨手笨脚。
Trying his best only made him look more stupid and clumsy.

耳中听到一阵阵的哄笑声，这让他心中越加慌乱。
His heart increasingly flustered as the sounds of laughter filled his ears.

但就在这时，他忽然感觉一股大力把他拽住，脑袋终于脱离了水面，身体也重新掌握了平衡。
But right at this moment, he suddenly felt a strong pull lifting him up. His head finally left the water surface and his body found balance again.

狼狈地抹了一把脸，再定睛一看，却是哥哥方源提着自己的衣领，将自己提了起来。
He wiped his face in a panic and focused his sight. It was actually his older brother Fang Yuan who had grasped his collar and pulled him up.

“哥”他张口yù言，换来的却是水呛到的结果，继而又引发了一阵剧烈的咳嗽。
“Big brother…” He opened his mouth to say. But instead he started choking on water, ending up triggering a violent cough.

“哈哈，方家的难兄难弟！”
“Haha, the difficult older and younger brother of the Fang family!”

岸上有人嘲笑出声。
Someone laughed at the riverbank.

哄笑声愈加响亮，学堂家老也没有站出来阻止，他深皱着眉头，心中充满了失望。
The laugher grew louder, yet the academy elder did not come out and stop it. He was deeply frowning, disappointment filling his heart.

方正手足无措，就听到耳边传来哥哥的声音：“去吧，未来的路，会很jīng彩呢。”
Fang Zheng was completely at a loss on what to do, and then he heard his brother say to him, “Go on. The road to the future will be interesting.”

方正不由地惊讶地张开嘴，此时方源背对着众人，因此岸上的人都看不清楚。 但是方正却清楚地感觉到方源的平静，说话的时候嘴角甚至都微微翘起，流露出一抹玩味深沉的笑意。
Fang Zheng could not help but open his mouth in surprise. Fang Yuan’s back was facing the crowd so they could not see properly, but Fang Zheng could clearly feel the calmness radiating from Fang Yuan. As his older brother spoke the corners of his mouth were slightly raised, revealing a deep and thoughtful smile.

“明明只是个丙等资质，为什么哥哥还这么平静？”
It was obviously only a C grade talent, yet how can big brother be so calm?

不由地，方正的心中充满了疑惑。
Fang Zhen could not help but wonder, his heart full of doubt.

方源再没有多说，拍拍方正的背，转身就走。
Yet Fang Yuan did not say any more. He patted Fang Zheng on the back, and turned and walked away.

方正表情愣愣的，走向花海。
Fang Zheng wore a stupefied expression as he walked towards the flower sea.

“想不到哥哥竟然这么平静，要是我的话，恐怕”他低着头，无意识地向前走着。
“I never thought big brother would actually be so calm. If it was me, I’d…” He lowered his head, walking forward absent-mindedly.

却并不知道自己正上演着一场奇迹式的表演。
Yet he did not know that he was playing out a miraculous scene.

等到他惊醒的时候，他已经站在花海的深处，一个先前并未有人达到的距离。
When he finally snapped out of his reverie, he was already deep in the sea of flowers, standing in a distance that no one else had reached before him.

四十三步！
43 steps!

“天呐，甲等资质！”
“Oh my god, A grade talent!”

学堂家老失态地大叫着。
The academy elder screamed, seeming to have lost his mind.

“甲等，竟是甲等？”
“A grade, really an A grade!?”

“三年了，古月一族终于又出现了甲等资质的天才！”
“It’s been 3 years, an A grade talented genius has finally appeared in the Gu Yue clan!”

暗中关注的家老们，也同时叫喊着，大失风范。
The clan elders that were watching in the darkness were also screaming out at the same time, losing their composures.

“嗯，方之一脉本来就是从我们赤脉分出去的，这个古月方正就由我赤之一脉收养了。” 古月赤练当即宣布道。
“Well, the Fang bloodline originated from us Chi bloodline. So we Chi family will adopt in this Gue Yue Fang Zheng,” Gue Yue Chi Lian immediately announced.

“怎么可能？
“How is that possible?

你赤练老鬼何德何能，误人子弟的本事倒是不错。
You old bag Chi Lian, your morals and abilities are out of order, but you’re definitely good at misleading young boys.

这个孩子还不如交给我古月漠尘抚养。”
It’s better to pass this kid to I, Gu Yue Mo Chen to raise!”

古月漠尘像触电一般，立即咆哮起来。
Gu Yue Mo Chen roared back instantly.

“谁都别争了。
“Stop arguing.

这个孩子谁栽培，都没有本族长亲自栽培的好。
No one is more qualified to raise this child than the current clan leader.

谁有异议，就是反对我古月博！”
Whoever has any objections is to go against me, Gu Yue Bo!”

古月族长双眼赤红，一扫先前的失望颓废，整个人都癫狂了。
The Gu Yue clan head had gone crazy and swept his fiery red gaze over the disappointed and discouraged looks.

第七节：蛊师有九转，花酒留遗藏
Chapter 7: A Gu Master has 9 ranks, Flower Wine leaves behind treasure

很快，一个星期就过去了。
Soon a week passed.

“人是万物之灵，蛊是天地之jīng。
“Humans are above all creatures, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth.

在这个世界上存在着成千上万种，数不胜数的蛊。
In this world there are thousands of species, countless number of Gu.

它们就生活在我们的周围，在矿土里，在草丛里，甚至在野兽的体内。”
They live everywhere around us – In the soil, in the bushes, even on the bodies of wild beasts.”

“在人类繁衍生息的过程中，先贤们逐步发现了蛊虫的奥妙。
“As humans continue to propagate and grow, the scholars of the past gradually uncovered the mysteries of the Gu.

已经开辟空窍，运用本身真元来喂养、炼化、cāo控这些蛊，达到各种目的的人，我们统称为蛊师。”
Those who have opened the aperture, using their own primeval essence to feed, refine and manipulate these Gu – people who have achieved these various purposes are what we call Gu Masters.”

“而你们在七天前的开窍大典中，都已经成功开辟了空窍，凝聚了真元海，如今已经都是一转蛊师了。”
“And all of you have successfully opened your aperture in the Awakening Ceremony 7 days ago. With the coagulation of the primeval sea, right now you are all Rank one Gu Masters.”

山寨中的学堂中，学堂家老正侃侃而谈。
In the village academy, the academy elder talked with confidence and composure.

在他的对面，端坐着五十七位少年，一个个都聚jīng会神的听着。
In front of him were 57 students, seated and listening attentively.

蛊师的神奇和强大，早就深入少年们的内心。
The mystery and strength of a Gu Master had been deeply rooted in the hearts of the youths a long time ago.

因此家老讲述的一切，都深深地吸引着他们。
Thus everything that the elder taught and said, the students were very interested in.

这时，一位少年举手，得到家老允许后，便站起来发问：“家老大人，我很小时就知道，蛊师有一转，二转等 等之分，您能为我们详细讲述一下吗？”
At this moment a young teen raised his hand. With the elder’s permission he stood up and asked, “Elder sir, I’ve known this since I was small. There are Rank one Gu Masters, Rank two and so on, can you explain in more detail to us?”

古月师点点头，摆手示意少年坐下：“蛊师一共有九大境界，从下到上，分别是一转、二转、三转直至九转。
The Gu Yue teacher nodded and waved his hand to ask the young man to sit down. “Gu Masters have 9 ranks, from bottom to the top – Rank one, Rank two, Rank three all the way up to Rank nine.

每一转大境界中又分初阶、中阶、高阶、巅峰四个小境界。
Every rank is considered a big realm, and it is divided into 4 small realms – initial stage, middle stage, upper stage and peak stage.

你们刚刚成为蛊师，都是一转初阶。”
You have all just become Gu Masters, so all of you are Rank one initial stage.”

“若是今后你们努力修行，修为自然就会提高，晋升二转、三转也有可能。
“If you all work hard in your cultivation, your cultivation base will naturally advance to rank two, even rank three.

当然了，资质越高，晋升的可能xìng就越大。”
Of course, the higher your talent the bigger your chance of promoting.”

“丁等资质，元海占据空窍两三成，往往最高能修行到一转二转。
“For D grade talent, the primeval sea takes up about 2-3 layers of the aperture, the highest promotion reachable is Rank one to Rank two.

丙等资质，元海是空窍的四五成，通常会停在二转境界，只有很少一部分能侥幸突破到三转初阶。
For C grade talent, the primeval sea is 4-5 layers of the aperture. Usually the progress stops at Rank two, but with luck a small percentage of people can advance to Rank 3 initial stage.

乙等资质，元海占据整个空窍的六七成，能修到三转，甚至四转。
B grade talents have a primeval sea that takes up 6-7 layers of the aperture, they are able to cultivate to Rank 3, even as far as Rank 4. As for A grade talent, the primeval sea is plenty, it takes up 8-9 layers of the aperture.

甲等资质，元海充足，是空窍的仈jiǔ成，这样的人自然天赋最高，最适合蛊师修行，能修行到五转。”
This kind of talent in a person is naturally the most gifted and the most suitable for a Gu Master’s cultivation, being able to reach Rank 5.”

“至于六转向上的蛊师，每一个都是传奇，具体的我也不太清楚。
“As for Gu Masters who are Rank 6 and above, they are all legends. I am not clear about the specifics either.

我们古月一族，也没有出现过六转蛊师，但是五转、四转蛊师都有过。”
In the Gu Yue clan, there has never been the appearance of a Rank 6 Gu Master, but Rank 4 and Rank 5 Gu Masters we have had before.”

少年们的耳朵都竖起来，双眼炯炯发亮地听着。
The teenagers’ ears all pricked up, their eyes shining brightly as they listened.

许多人不由自主地看向第一排正襟危坐的古月方正，这可是甲等资质啊，目光中无不充满了羡慕嫉妒的情感。
Many of them couldn’t help but look at Gu Yue Fang Zheng who was sitting rigidly at the first row. He was an A grade talent after all. Their eyes were filled with feelings of envy and jealousy.

同时也有一部分目光飘向学堂最后一排的那个角落。
At the same time there were some who stared at the corner at the last row of the classroom.

那靠着窗户的角落里，古月方源正趴在桌子上呼呼大睡。
Leaning against the window at the corner was Gu Yue Fang Yuan, who was bent over the desk sleeping soundly.

“看，还在睡呢。” 有人轻轻地道。
“Look, he’s still sleeping,” someone whispered.

“已经连续睡了一个星期了吧，还没缓过来？”
“He’s been sleeping continuously for a week, yet he’s still not awake?”

有人撇嘴。
Someone cut in.

“何止呢，听说他晚上都夜不归宿，在村外周边游荡。”
“There’s more. I heard that he was up all night, wandering about at the edge of the village.”

“有人还不止一次看到，在晚上他抱着个酒坛，烂醉在外面呢。
“There’s been people who’ve seen it more than once, apparently he holds a wine-jar at night, dead drunk outside.

幸好这些年，村子周围已经被肃清，比较安全。”
Luckily these few years the village surroundings have been cleared clean, so it’s safer.”

同窗们交头接耳，各种小道消息迅速流传着。
The fellow schoolmates whisper here and there, letting all kinds of small gossip spreading around quickly.

“唉，打击的确太大了。
“Ah well, the blow was just too big.

自己顶着天才的名称那么多年，想不到到头来只是个丙等，呵呵。”
Someone hailed as a genius for so many years unexpectedly ending up to be a C-grade talent in the end, hehe.”

“要是这样也就罢了。
“If only it was just the case.

偏偏自己的那个亲弟弟，被测出了甲等，如今万众瞩目，享受最好的待遇。
Of all the people his own little brother was pronounced an A grade, right now being the center of attention, enjoying the best treatment.

弟弟在天，哥哥在地呀，啧啧”
The younger brother soars up to the sky, while the older brother falls to the ground, tut tut…”

听着耳边越来越大的议论声，学堂家老的眉头已经凝成了一个疙瘩。
As the discussion amongst the students got louder and louder, the academy elder’s brow deepened into a frown.

整个教室内，少年们无不正襟危坐，焕发着生机活力，因此更显得摊睡在桌上的方源越加醒目刺眼。
In the whole classroom all the teenagers were sitting respectfully, showing liveliness. This made Fang Yuan who was sleeping on his table stand out so much that it hurt the eyes.

“已经一周过去了，还这么颓废。
“It’s already been a week, yet he’s still so dispirited.

哼，当初也是看走了眼，这样的人怎么可能是个天才！”
Hmph, initially I must have been mistaken by him, how could someone like this be a genius!”

家老在心中不悦地冷哼。
The elder thought disgruntledly.

对于这个情况，他已经说过方源很多次了。 但是毫无效果，方源仍旧我行我素。
He had spoken many times to Fang Yuan regarding this matter, but to no effect – Fang Yuan still did whatever he liked.

每节课都是睡过去的，让负责教学的家老十分头疼和恼火。
He would sleep through every class, making the elder in charge of teaching have a very frustrated headache.

“算了，不过是个丙等。
“Forget it, he’s just a C grade.

连这点打击都承受不住，就这样的心xìng培养出来，也难堪大用，反而是浪费家族资源。”
If he can’t even withstand this sort of blow, fostering him with that kind of temperament will just end up wasting the clan’s resources, nothing good will come out of it.”

家老心中对方源十分失望。
The elder’s heart was filled with disappointment towards Fang Yuan.

方源不过是丙等资质，相比较而言，他弟弟方正拥有甲等资质，这才是值得让家族花大力气培养的对象。
Fang Yuan was just a C grade, compared to his younger brother Fang Zheng who was an A grade talent, now this was someone worth the clan spending an amount of effort on raising!

学堂家老一边想着，一边口中又继续刚刚的话题：“在我族的历史上，出现过许多的强者。
While the academy elder thought about all this, he was also replying to the latest question. “In the clan history, there has been many strong masters.

其中五转强者，就有两位。
For Rank five masters there were two.

一位是一代族长，是我们的老祖宗，就是他创立了古月山寨。
One of them is the first generation clan head, our ancestor. He was the one who established Gu Yue Village.

还有一位，是四代族长。
Another one was the fourth clan head.

天资卓越，一直修行到了五转蛊师的境界。
He had remarkable talent, and managed to cultivate all the way to the realm of a Rank five Gu Master.

要不是那个卑鄙无耻的魔头花酒行者偷袭的话，兴许能晋升成六转蛊师也说不定。 唉”
If it wasn’t for that despicable shameless demon Flower Wine Monk’s sneak attack, he might have been able to achieve Rank six, but who knows…”

说到这里，古月师深深一叹。
As he said this he heaved a deep sigh.

讲台下，少年们都义愤填膺地叫嚷起来。
Below the platform, the youths starting shouting in a rage.

“都是那花酒行者，太yīn险狡诈了！”
“It’s all because of that Flower Wine Monk, he was too sinister and cunning!”

“可惜我们四代族长宅心仁厚，英年早逝。”
“What a pity that our fourth clan leader was softhearted and benevolent, and died at a young age.”

“只恨我没有早生几百年，否则见到那个魔头，定要拼死揭破他的丑恶嘴脸。”
“If only I was born a few hundred years earlier! If I saw that demon I would have torn off his ugly face.”

四代族长和花酒行者的典故，古月族人没有一个不知道的。
The fourth clan head and the Flower Wine Monk’s story is something that the entire Gu Yue clan knows.

花酒行者同样是五转蛊师，是为恶多年的采花大盗，在当时的魔道中赫赫有名。
The Flower Wine Monk was also a Rank five Gu Master, famous among the Demon faction in his time for his many years as a big flower thief.

数百年前，他流窜到青茅山，企图在古月山寨中作案，结果被四代族长识破。
A few hundred years ago he travelled to Qing Mao Mountain. He attempted to commit crimes in Gu Yue Village, but was found out by the fourth generation clan leader in the end.

一场惊天动地的大激战之后，花酒行者被打的跪地求饶，四代族长心慈仁厚，打算饶他一命。
After a earthshakingly huge battle, the Flower Wine monk was beaten to the point he had to beg for mercy on his knees. The fourth clan head was merciful and kind, intending to spare his life.

结果花酒行者突然发难偷袭，重伤四代族长。
Yet the Flower Wink Monk suddenly launched a sneak attack, successfully inflicting heavy wounds on the fourth clan head.

族长大怒，当场击毙了花酒行者，但是随后也重伤不治，撒手人寰。
The clan head flew into a rage, killing the Flower Wine Monk on the spot. However his heavy injuries were not curable and thus, he died.

因此，在所有古月族人的心中，四代族长是为了山寨而牺牲的英雄人物。
Therefore in the hearts of the Gu Yue clansmen, the fourth generation clan head was a great hero who sacrificed his life for the village.

“花酒行者么”被学堂中的声讨吵醒，角落里方源睁开了朦胧的睡眼。
“Flower Wine Monk huh…” Awoken by the classroom’s noisy chatter, Fang Yuan opened his sleepy eyes.

他结结实实地伸了个大懒腰，心中也不无怨念：“这个花酒行者，到底死在哪里？
He stretched his body and thought with resentment in his heart, this Flower Wine Monk, where did he die?

为什么我将山寨周围都转了个遍，还未找到他的遗产？”
Why is it that I still can’t find his legacy after searching around the entire village?

记忆中，大约是两个月后，一位因为失恋而醉酒的族内蛊师，烂醉如泥地躺在山寨外，结果四溢的酒香气息，意外地引来了一头酒虫。
In his memories, there was a Gu Master from the clan who was brokenhearted and started drinking a lot. About two months later from now, the man was heavily drunk as he lay down outside the village. His heavy wine aroma unknowingly attracted a Liquor worm.

蛊师大喜，想要捕捉。
The Gu Master was ecstatic, fully intent on catching it.

酒虫慌忙逃窜，蛊师紧追不舍，顺着酒虫的踪迹，发现了一处隐秘的洞口，通往地下。
The Liquor worm hurriedly fled, and as the Gu Master was in hot pursuit after it, he followed the Liquor worm’s trail and discovered an underground hole entrance and went in.

酒虫是很珍贵的一种蛊，这蛊师带着酒意，就冒险进入洞口，来到地下秘洞。
The Liquor worm was a very precious and expensive type of Gu. The half drunk Gu Master decided to risk it and enter the hole, finding himself in a secret underground cave.

然后就发现了花酒行者的尸骸，还有留下来的遗产。
After that he discovered the bones of the Flower Wine Monk and the inheritance he left behind.

蛊师回到山寨后，汇报了所有的发现，立即引起了整个家族的大轰动。
When the Gu Master returned to the village, he reported his discoveries and immediately caused a big stir among the entire clan.

而那蛊师也因此得益，修为越加突出，反而吸引了那个曾经抛弃他的情侣回转了心意。 成为一时的风云人物。
Later on that Gu Master benefitted much from it, his cultivation base suddenly becoming outstanding. His lover who had once abandoned him before was attracted to him again, and he became the talk of the clan for a while.

“可惜这个消息，我也只听说了大概，并不知道确切的位置。
“Sadly I only heard bits and pieces about this piece of news, so I don’t know where the accurate location is.

当时也没想到会有重生的这一天啊。
It wasn’t like I knew I would be reborn again to this day.

花酒行者，你到底死在哪里？”
Flower Wine Monk, where in the world did you die off to?”

他这些天来，买了许多酒，一到夜晚就在山寨周围闲逛。
These few days he had been buying a lot of wine, wandering around the village as soon as night arrived.

想借着散发的酒气，来吸引到酒虫露面。
He wanted to use the aroma of liquor to attract the Liquor worm.

可惜，就是不见那酒虫，结果令人十分失望。
Unfortunately he never saw the Liquor worm appear, making him feel very disappointed.

“若是找到那酒虫，炼化为本命蛊，比家族中的月光蛊要好多了。
“If I could find that Liquor worm and refine it into my vital Gu, that would be so much better than the clan’s Moonlight Gu.

眨眼间，已经到了四月，时不我待呀。”
In the blink of an eye its already April, there’s not much time left.”

方源叹了一口气，视线转向窗外。
Fang Yuan heaved a sigh and gazed out of the window.

只见蓝天白云下，群山葱茏延绵开去。
Under the blue sky and white clouds, verdant mountains stretched into the distance.

近处则是一片竹林。
In the vicinity was a bamboo grove.

这是青茅山特有的矛竹，各个笔直得像一条直线，同时尖端锋锐异常，如同枪尖。
This was Qing Mao Mountain’s unique spear bamboo, each bamboo stick as straight as a line, the ends of the bamboo exceptionally sharp like the tip of a spear.

不远处的树林，已经泛起了新绿。
Not too far away, the woods were already turning green.

抽出的嫩芽，黄绿一片。
The tender shoots sprouted in a sea of yellow green color.

不时有漂亮的彩雀儿，落到枝干上。
Every now and then, beautiful and colorful sparrows would perch on the branches.

chūn风袭来，将青山绿水的清新气息包裹着，吹洒人间。
The wind of spring blew, wrapping up the freshness of the mountains and rivers, and dispersing it into the world.

不知不觉间，这堂课接近了尾声。
Without knowing it, the class was almost over.

学堂家老最后通知道：“这一周来，我教会你们如何冥想，察看自身的空窍元海。 如何打坐，调动体内的真元。
The academy elder finally informed, “This week I have taught you all how to contemplate and check your own aperture’s primeval sea, and how to meditate and shift around the primeval essence inside your body.

现在是时候炼化你们的本命蛊了。
Now is the time for you all to refine your vital Gu.

这节课结束后，你们就去学堂里的蛊室，挑选蛊虫。
After this class ends, you will all go to the academy’s Gu room and pick a Guworm.

选了蛊虫之后，就回家潜修。
After choosing your Gu, please go home and focus on refining it.

直到炼化了蛊虫，再来学堂继续上课。
When you have finally refined your Gu, then you can come back to the academy and continue attending class.

同时，这也是你们的第一场考核。
At the same time, this is your first assessment.

谁能拔得头筹，就会有二十块元石的丰厚奖励。” 喔！
Whoever can finish this assessment first will be rewarded a generous sum of 20 primeval stones.”

下一刻，整个学堂都欢呼起来。


“终于要炼化蛊虫了，那我该挑选什么蛊虫好呢？”


方源双眼中jīng芒一闪而逝。 第八节：物是人非
Chapter 8: Things will always be things, but humans will change

学堂旁设立了一个蛊室。
Beside the academy was a Gu room.

蛊室并不大，只有六十平方米。
The Gu room was not big, it was only 60 meters² in size.

蛊师修行，蛊虫就是实力的关键。
In a Gu Master’s road to cultivation, a Gu is the key to strength.

课程一结束，兴奋的少年们就向蛊室蜂拥而来。
At the end of class, the excited teenagers rushed towards the Gu room.

“排队，一个个的进来。” 怒喝声骤起，蛊室门外自然有人把守。
“Form a line, enter one by one,” some voices suddenly yelled, it was natural that there were guards outside the Gu room.

少年们一个个的进去，又出来。
The youths went in one at a time and came out.

轮到方源走进蛊室。
Finally it was Fang Yuan’s turn to enter the Gu room.

只见这房间内大有乾坤，四壁都做成隔洞，这些内嵌的方格子一个挨着一个。
This room was a mysterious room. The four walls all had holes, in each one of these embedded square holes were another square hole.

格子有大有小，大的超不过砂锅，小的小不过拳头。
Each of the holes differed in size, some big and some small. The bigger ones were no bigger than a an earthenware cooking pot, the smaller holes no smaller than a fist.

密密麻麻的格子里，摆放着各式各样的器皿，有的是灰sè的石盆，有的是青翠的玉盘，有的是jīng致的草笼，有的是陶制的暖炉。 这些器皿中就存养着各种各样的蛊虫。
In the many square holes were all kinds of containers – there were grey stone basins, verdant jade dishes, exquisite grass cages, earthen stoves etc. These containers kept in all kinds of variety of Gu.

有些蛊虫静默无声，有些蛊虫却吵闹得很，发出吱吱吱、咯咯咯、窸窣窸窣等等各种各样的声音，汇集成一支生命的交响曲。
Some Gu were silent, while some Gu made a lot of noises, creating chirping, clucking, rustling sounds and so on. All these noises combined together to create a sort of life symphony.

“蛊虫也分九大层次，照应蛊师: 九转境界。
“Gu are also divided into 9 big levels, following the same concept of the 9 rank realms of Gu Masters.

这些蛊虫都是一转蛊虫。”
All the Guin this room are Rank one Gu.”

方源扫视一圈，顿时心知肚明。
Fang Yuan glanced around, immediately aware of this.

一般来讲，一转境界的蛊师，只能用一转层次的蛊虫。
Generally speaking, Rank one Gu Masters can only use Rank one Gu.

若是越级催动高等蛊虫，蛊师往往要付出极其惨重的代价。
If they used higher level Gu, these masters would need to pay an extremely heavy price.

而且蛊虫也需要喂养，喂养高等蛊虫所耗费的代价，往往也不是低等蛊师能承受得起的。
In addition, Gu need to be fed. The high cost of feeding higher level Gu was often not something lower ranked Gu Masters could afford.

对于新人蛊师来讲，不是特殊情况，都会选择一转蛊虫进行首次炼化。
Thus to Gu Masters who were newcomers, they would always pick a Rank one Gu worm as their first refined Gu unless under a special situation.

而蛊师炼化的第一只蛊虫，意义重大，称之为本命蛊，xìng命交修。
There is great significance to the first Gu that a Gu Master refines – It will become their vital Gu, interconnecting their lives together.

一旦灭亡，蛊师必定遭受重创。
If it dies, the Gu master will suffer a huge blow.

“唉，原本指望能得到花酒行者的酒虫，炼化它成为我的本命蛊。
“Alas, my original wish was to get my hands on the Flower Wine Monk’s Liquor worm and refine it as my vital Gu.

但是现在，寻找花酒行者尸骨仍旧未见端倪，也不知道什么时候能找到，或者被别人发现。
But right now there are still no leads on my search for the Flower Wine Monk’s skeleton. I don’t even know when will I be able to find it, or when someone else does.

保险起见，还是选一只月光蛊吧。”
Just to be safe I’ll pick a Moonlight Gu first.”

方源一边心中暗叹，一边径直走向左手墙侧。
Fang Yuan sighed inwardly as he walked straight along the wall on his left.

在这面墙洞位置稍稍靠上的其中一层，是一排的白银盘子。
One of the top layers of the holes in this wall had a row of silver plates.

每个盘子上都摆放着一只蛊虫。
In every plate was a Gu.

这蛊虫晶莹剔透，弯弯如月，好像是一块蓝水晶，在白银底盘的映衬下，显现出一股清幽之气。
These Gu were crystalline and shaped like a crescent, it was like a piece of blue quartz. Against the backdrop of the silver dish, the Gu gave off a quiet and beautiful feeling.

蛊名月光，是古月一族的镇族蛊虫，绝大多数的族人都选择它成为本命蛊。
Known as the Moonlight Gu, this variety of Gu was the local Gu of the Gu Yue clan and many of the clansmen would choose the Moonlight Gu as their vital Gu.

它并非是天然蛊虫，而是经过古月一族的秘法培育而来，其他地方没有，可以说是古月一族的标志象征。
The Moonlight Gu was not a Gu of nature, it was a breed that was cultivated with a secret method by the Gu Yue clan. The Moonlight Gu could not be found anywhere else, it could be said that this Gu was a symbol of the Gu Yue clan.

都是一转的月光蛊，差别极其细微。
Since it was all Rank one Moonlight Gu, there was very little difference among one another.

方源随意挑选了一只，拿在手上。
Fang Yuan casually chose one and took it.

月光蛊很轻，堪比一张薄纸的重量。
The Moonlight Gu was very light, comparable to the weight of a piece of paper.

只占据掌心一块，如寻常玉坠大小。
The insect occupied a small area of his palm, it was roughly the size of a common jade pendant.

方源放在手中，能透过它，看到自己被遮掩的掌纹。
As Fang Yuan put it on his hand, he could see through it and gaze at the lines on his palm.

最后看了一眼，发现没有什么问题了，方源将其放在口袋中，就出了蛊室。
With one last look and finding nothing wrong with it, Fang Yuan put the Moonlight Gu into his pocket and walked out of the Gu room.

蛊室外还排着长长的队伍，随后的一个少年见方源走了出来，连忙兴冲冲地跑进蛊室去。
Outside the Gu room, the queue was still quite long. As soon as the next person in line saw Fang Yuan leave, he went into the room hurriedly with excitement.

若换做其他人，得了蛊虫，第一反应就是拿回家赶紧炼化。
If it were others, when they got their Gu the first thing they would do, would be to take it home and quickly refine it.

但是方源却没有急着这么做，他的心中还惦记着那只酒虫呢。
But Fang Yuan was not in a hurry to do so, for his mind was still thinking about the Liquor worm.

酒虫更珍贵，月光蛊虽然是古月山寨的特产，但是却没有酒虫对蛊师的帮助大。
The Liquor Worm was more precious compared to the Moonlight Gu, although the Moonlight Gu was a specialty of the Gu Yue village, it did not help a Gu Master as much as a Liquor Worm.

离开了蛊室，方源直接去了酒肆。
After he left the Gu room, Fang Yuan headed straight for the tavern.

“掌柜的，来两坛陈酒。”
“Shopkeeper, two jars of aged wine!”

方源掏掏口袋，将仅剩的元石碎块，放在柜台上。
Fang Yuan fished around his pockets and drew out the remaining primeval stone pieces, putting them onto the counter.

这些天来，他都会来此买酒，然后再去山寨周边晃荡搜索，意图吸引那只酒虫现身。
These few days he would come here and buy wine, then go around the village border and scout, intending to attract the Liquor worm so it would appear.

掌柜的是个矮矮的中年胖子，满脸油光，经过这些天已经记住了方源。
The shopkeeper was a short and fat middle-aged man, his face oily. After these few days he had already remembered Fang Yuan.

“客官，你来啦。”
“Sir, you’ve come.”

打招呼的同时，他伸出又粗又短的胖手，娴熟地将方源的元石碎块抹走。
While he greeted Fang Yuan, he stretched out a thick and short chubby hand and skillfully swiped away the primeval stone pieces.

又放在手中颠了颠，觉得份量不差，掌柜脸上的笑容又亲切几分。
As he put them onto his palm he shifted his hand up and down and felt that the weight was correct. With this the shopkeeper’s smile deepened.

元石是这个世界的货币，用于衡量一切商品的价值。
Primeval stones were the currency used in this world, used to measure the value of all commodities.

同时它是天地jīng华的凝练物，自身也能被使用，帮助蛊师更好的修行。
At the same time it was also a condensed matter of the world’s essence, usable on oneself, and is important in helping a GuMaster in his cultivation.

既有货币属xìng，又有商品属xìng，极为类似地球上的黄金。
As it has monetary attributes as well as usable properties, it was similar to the gold on Earth.

地球上有过单一金本位制，这个世界上就是单一元石本位制。
Earth has a gold currency standard system, and in this world it was replaced with primeval stones.

对比一下黄金，因此元石的购买力也相当的惊人。
Compared to gold, the purchasing power of primeval stones is even more astonishing.

不过，再多的元石也经不起方源这样连续的消耗。
However with Fang Yuan’s continued spending like this, no matter how many primeval stones he had it would not be enough.

“每天两坛酒，已经整整七天了。
“Two jars of wine everyday, and it has been 7 full days already.

原先积攒的元石，差不多都花完了。” 拎着两坛酒出了酒店，方源眉头微微皱着。
The initial savings I had are already almost all spent,” Fang Yuan frowned slightly as he walked out of the tavern with two jars of wine.

一旦成为蛊师，就可以从元石中直接抽取出纯净真元，来补充空窍中的元海。
Once someone becomes a Gu Master, he would be able to extract primeval essence straight from a primeval stone to replenish the primeval sea in his aperture.

因此对于蛊师来讲，元石不仅是货币，更是修行的帮手。
Thus to Gu Masters, primeval stones were not just a form of currency, but also a supplement in their cultivation.

有了充足的元石，修行的速度能提升不少，这或多或少能弥补一些资质上的短板。
With sufficient primeval stones, the rate of cultivation will increase greatly, this can make up for the disadvantages of those with lower talent grade.

“明天就没有元石购买酒水了，酒虫却迟迟不现身。
“I won’t have primeval stones to buy wine anymore tomorrow, yet the Liquor worm just doesn’t want to appear.

难道真的要我把月光蛊炼化成本命蛊？”
Do I really have to take the Moonlight Gu and refine it as my vital Gu?”

方源心中有些不甘心。
Fang Yuan felt rather unsatisfied.

出了酒肆，方源手中提着两坛酒，一边走路一边思量：“学堂家老说，此次考核第一个炼化本命蛊的人，就有二十块元石的奖励。
As he walked with the two jars of wine in his hand, he started to wonder. “Academy elder said, the first person who manages to refine his vital Gu will get a reward of 20 primeval stones.

现在恐怕许多人，都在家卯足劲，炼化蛊虫，争取第一吧。
Right now I guess a lot of them are at home trying their best to refine their Gu and compete for the first position.

可惜，炼化本命蛊极为考验资质。
A pity, refining the vital Gu is more of a test of one’s talent.

资质好的人，优势极大。
Those with better primeval talent will have better advantage.

以我丙等资质，有没有其他手段，根本就没有得胜的希望。”
With my C grade talent, without any special means I have totally no chance of winning.”

就在这时，身后响起古月方正的声音：“哥哥，你果真又来酒馆买醉！
It was at this moment, the voice of Gu Yue Fang Zheng called out to him from behind. “Big brother, you really did go to the tavern and buy alcohol!

跟我来，舅父舅母要见你。”
Follow me, aunt and uncle want to see you.”

方源停下脚步，回身望去。
Fang Yuan stopped in his tracks and turned around.

发现弟弟再没有像从前那般低着头说话。
He found his younger brother was no longer like before, always lowering his head as he spoke.

兄弟俩视线相撞。
Right now the two brothers gazed at each other face to face.

一阵风呼啸地吹来，拂起哥哥散乱的黑发，吹起弟弟的衣摆。
A gust of wind blew, lifting up the older brother’s messy short hair, the lower hem of the younger brother’s robes swishing around.

短短的一个月，却已物是人非了。
Just a short period of one month has gone by, yet humans change.

一周前的开窍大典，不管是对于哥哥还是弟弟，都是巨大的改变。
A week after the Awakening Ceremony, a huge change came upon the older brother and the younger brother.

哥哥方源从云端跌下，天才的光环被人无情地剥夺。
The older brother Fang Yuan fell from the clouds, the title of genius mercilessly destroyed.

而弟弟则开始绽放光芒，如一颗新星，冉冉升起。
And the younger brother began to bloom with radiance, slowly rising up like a new star.

这种改变对于弟弟古月方正来讲，更是有着一种天翻地覆的意味。
To the younger brother Fang Zheng, this sort of change was earthshaking to his world.

他终于品尝到了哥哥当初的感受，被人寄托着希望，被人用羡慕或者嫉妒的目光看着。
He finally tasted the feelings that his older brother used to have – the feelings of people pinning their hopes on him, the feelings when people use envious and jealous looks to gaze at him.

他感觉自己就好像忽然从幽暗的角落里，置身到了充满光的天堂。
He felt like he was suddenly dragged out from a dark corner and placed into a heaven filled with light.

每一天醒来，他都感觉自己仿佛在做着一个美梦。
Everyday when he woke up, he felt like he was having a very sweet dream.

天差地别的待遇，让他至今都有些难以置信，同时还有着强烈的不适感。
The difference of how he was being treated from before and now was like day and night, making him somewhat unable to believe his reality even until now, but at the same time also strongly unaccustomed to it.

不适应。
It was hard to adapt.

一下子从默默无闻，到被人密切关注，指指点点。
In a short while from being unknown to someone who was closely watched, people pointing at him all the time.

有时候方正走在路上，听到身边路人议论自己、赞叹自己的声音，都会感到脸上发烫，手足无措，眼神躲闪，差点都连路不知道怎么走了！
Sometimes when Fang Zheng walked on the road, he would hear people around him talking about himself, voices praising him. His face would heat up and he would feel completely at a loss of what to do, his eyes trying to avoid gazes, he even almost forgot how to walk properly!

最初的十几天下来，古月方正莫名其妙的瘦了一圈，不过jīng气神却越加旺盛。
The first ten days or so, Gu Yue Fang Zheng became thinner yet his energy became more vigorous.

从他的内心最深处，开始滋生出一种叫做“自信”的东西。
From the inner depths of his heart, something called ‘self-confidence’ began to manifest.

“这就是哥哥以前的感觉啊，真是美妙而又痛苦！”
“This is what big brother had always been feeling before, how beautiful and painful at the same time!”

他不可避免地想到自己的哥哥古月方源，面对这样的议论和关注，哥哥他以前是怎么应对的呢？
He could not stop thinking about his older brother Gu Yue Fang Yuan, facing such attention and discussion, how did his older brother deal with it?

他下意识地开始模仿方源，装作面无表情，但很快发现自己不是那块料。
He subconsciously started to imitate Fang Yuan, pretending to look expressionless all the time, but quickly found that he was not fit for this kind of style.

有时候在学堂，一声女孩的叫喊，就能让他闹出个大红脸。
Sometimes during class, a girl’s shout could easily send him red-faced.

在路上，大妈大婶的调戏，更让他多次落荒而逃。
On the roads, all the flirting from older women even caused him to flee in a hurry many times.

他像是一个婴儿学步，跌跌撞撞地适应着新的生活。
He was like a toddler learning how to walk, stumbling and falling as he tried to get used to his new life.

在这个过程中，他不可避免地听到有关哥哥的传闻——消沉颓废，变得酗酒，夜不归宿，学堂大睡。
During this entire process, he was unable to avoid hearing about his older brother – falling into depression, becoming a drunkard, not going home at night, sleeping soundly in class.

他起先十分震惊，自己的哥哥，那么强大那么天才的存在，竟然变成了这样子？
He felt very shocked at this. His own older brother, once a strong entity and hailed as a being of great genius, suddenly becoming like this?!

但是渐渐的，他开始有点理解了。
But slowly he started to sort of understand.

哥哥也是常人啊，遭遇到这样的挫折和打击，消沉也是必然的。
His big brother was also a normal man after all. Encountering this kind of setback and huge blow would send anyone into depression.

伴随着这种理解，方正隐隐地感到一阵难以言表的痛快。
Along with this understanding, Fang Zheng secretly felt an indescribable happiness inside.

这种痛快的情绪，是他极为不想承认的，但的确存在着。
This feeling was something he was terribly unwilling to admit, but yet it definitely existed.

被称赞为天才的哥哥，曾经如yīn影般镇压自己的哥哥，如今如此落魄颓丧。
His older brother who was hailed as a genius and always covering him in shadow, acting so depressed and dispirited right now.

这从反面，更见证了自己的成长，不是吗？
From a reverse angle, it was a testimony to his own growth, wasn’t it?

自己是优秀的，这才是真相啊！
He was the outstanding one, this was the real truth!

因此，看到方源拎着酒坛，头发散乱，衣衫不整的模样，古月方正心中狠狠地舒了一口气，呼吸莫名地轻松了许多。
Hence when he saw Fang Yuan holding the wine jars, his hair messy and clothes untidy, Gu Yue Fang Zheng felt relieved, his breathing also becoming a lot easier.

但他嘴上却又说着：“哥哥，你不能再喝酒了，不能再这样下去了。
But yet he said, “Big brother, you have to stop drinking, you cannot go on like this!

你不知道关心你的人会多么的担心，你要振作起来！”
You have no idea how worried the people who care about you are, you need to wake up!”

方源面无表情，没有开口。
Fang Yuan was emotionless, he did not say anything.

兄弟俩四目相对。
The two brothers gazed at each other.

弟弟古月方正的眼中闪闪发亮，透出一股锐利之意。
Younger brother Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s eyes were shining, giving off a sharp and keen feel.

而哥哥方源的双眸，却黑的深沉，如幽幽之古潭。
And the older brother Gu Yue Fang Yuan’s two orbs were a deep black, faintly resembling a deep ancient pool.

这样的眸子，让方正不由地感到一种莫名其妙的压抑。
These eyes could not help but make Fang Zheng feel a strange oppression.

对视没有多久，他下意识地转移了视线，望向另一侧。
Not long after he subconsciously turned away his gaze and looked somewhere else.

但当他反应过来时，心中瞬间升腾起一股愤怒。
But when he realized it, he felt a sudden rise of anger.

一股对自己的愤怒。
It was an anger that was directed at himself.

自己这是怎么了？
What’s wrong with you?

连和哥哥对视的勇气都没有么？
Can’t even muster the courage to look directly at your big brother?

我已经变了，我已经彻底改变了！
I’ve changed, I’ve completely changed!

这样想着，眼神就锐利起来，重新扫shè过去。
With these thoughts his eyes shifted back their sharpness and he shot his gaze at his brother again.

但是方源却已不看他，而是一手拎着一坛酒，走过他的身边，平淡的声音传来：“还愣着做什么，走吧。”
But Fang Yuan was already not looking at him. Holding a jar of wine in each hand, he walked past Fang Zheng and said in a dull voice, “What else are you gawking at? Let’s go.”

方正呼吸一乱，心底积蓄起来的那口气，再没有了发泄的地方，这让他感到一种难以表达的郁闷。
Fang Zheng’s breathing became disoriented, the strength that had accumulated inside his heart no longer able to be released. This made him experience a depression that was hard to describe.

眼看哥哥已经走远，他只好快步跟上去。
Seeing that his older brother had walked far ahead, he could only quicken his pace to catch up.

只是这一次，他的头不再低着，而是昂起面朝着夕阳。
But this time his head was no longer lowered, but rose to meet the sun.

他的目光则注视着自己的脚，正一步步踩在哥哥方源的影子上。
His gaze was fixed on his own feet that was stepping on his older brother Fang Yuan’s shadow.

第九节：渐行渐远
Chapter 9: Two people who start on the same road, gradually becoming distant

红rì西沉，但还未完全落下。
The sunset was a red hue setting over the east.

天空还有着光，只是所有的事物都像是被蒙上了一层灰sè。
The sky was still bright, but everything seemed to be covered by a shade of gray.

透过窗户远眺，远处的山，正渐渐地向沉重的黑sè靠拢。
Overlooking the window, the mountains in the distance were gradually drawing towards a heavy black color.

客厅内光线暗淡，舅父舅母高座在主位上，面目表情都笼罩着一层yīn影，看不大分明。
The light in the living room was dim. Aunt and Uncle sat high in their chairs, their faces enveloped in shadow, their expressions hard to discern.

看到方源随身带来的那两坛酒，舅父古月冻土的眉头拧成了疙瘩，他开口道：“时间一晃，你们已经十五岁了。
As he saw Fang Yuan carrying the two jars of wine, his Uncle Gu Yue Dong Tu’s eyebrows twisted into a knot. He opened his mouth and spoke, “In the blink of an eye, you are both 15 years old now.

竟然都有蛊师资质，尤其是方正，舅父舅母都替你们感到骄傲。
Since you both have the talents of a Gu Master, especially Fang Zheng, your aunt and I are proud of the both of you.

我给你们每人六块元石，你们兄弟俩拿去。
I will give you both 6 pieces of primeval stones, take it.

炼化蛊虫，极耗真元，这些元石你们需要。”
Refining your Gu consumes a lot of primeval essence, so you’ll need these primeval stones.”

说着，就有奴仆过来，交给方源方正两兄弟每人一个小袋子。
As he said this, some servants came over and passed Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng each a small bag.

方源收起袋子，沉默不语。
Fang Yuan took his bag silently.

方正则立即展开袋口一看，只见里面装着六块椭圆的灰白sè元石。
Fang Zheng immediately opened his bag and looked inside to see 6 pieces of oval shaped, greyish white primeval stones.

顿时脸sè涌现出感激之sè，从座位上站起来，对舅父舅母行礼道：“谢谢舅父舅母，侄儿正需要元石来补充真元呢。
His face lit up with gratitude at once and he stood up from his seat, facing his aunt and uncle. “Thank you Aunt and Uncle, your nephew does need primeval stones to replenish my primeval essence!

你们把 侄儿养这么大，养育之恩侄儿铭记在心，永生不忘！”
You have both raised me until today, this gratitude is engraved into my heart, I shall not forget it forever!”

舅父笑着点点头。
Uncle smiled and nodded.

舅母则连忙摆手，对方正温言道：“快坐下，快坐下。
Aunt hurriedly waved her hands and said warmly, “Sit down, sit down!

你们兄弟俩虽然不是我们亲生的，但我们一直都把你们当做亲生儿子抚养。
Although you both are not our children directly, we have always raised you as our own.

你们能有出息，我们也感到骄傲。
You both are able to gain a future, and we are proud of that.

唉，我们膝下无子，有时候在想你们真能成为我们的孩子，就好了。”
Alas we do not have children of our own, and sometimes we thought that if you both could really become our children it would be the best.”

这话说的大有深意，方正没听出来，方源却微微皱起眉头。
Her words brought deep meaning. Fang Zheng did not understand it, but Fang Yuan frowned a little.

果然舅父接着就道：“我和你们舅母商量过，想把你们过继到我们家来，成为真正的一家人。
Uncle cut in and said, “I have discussed this with your aunt. We thought of adopting you both and become a genuine, real family.

方正，不知道你愿不愿意？”
Fang Zheng, I wonder if you are willing?”

方正楞了一下，但他很快脸上就涌现出欣喜之sè，一口应承下来：“说实在话，自从双亲死后，侄儿就很渴望一家团圆的rì子。
Fang Zheng was stunned for a second, but the look on his face quickly emerged a joyful smile and he said, “To be honest, every since both my parents died I have longed very much for a family of my own.

能和舅父舅母成为一家人，这太好不过了！”
To be able to become a family with Aunt and Uncle, this is too good to be true!”

舅母神情一松，笑起来：“那你就是我们的乖儿子了，还叫舅父舅母么？”
Aunt’s expression loosened and she laughed, “Then you are our good son, shouldn’t you stop calling us Aunt and Uncle?”

“父亲，母亲。”
“Father, mother.”

方正恍然，连忙改口。
Fang Zheng in a state of realization changed his statement.

舅父舅母都哈哈一笑。
Aunt and Uncle laughed heartily.

“好儿子，不枉费我们夫妻从五岁就抚养你，可养了你整整十年啊。” 舅母抹着泪。
“What a good son, not a waste of us husband and wife to raise you since you were five years old. And we have raised you for ten whole years,” Aunt wiped her tears.

舅父则看向沉默不语的方源，温和地说着：“方源，我的意向呢？”
Uncle looked at the silent Fang Yuan and said gently, “Fang Yuan, how about you?”

方源摇头不语。
Fang Yuan shook his head without saying a word.

“哥哥。”
“Big brother.”

古月方正想劝，却被舅父阻止。
Gu Yue Fang Zheng was about to advise him, but Uncle, whose tone was unchanged, stopped him.

舅父语气不变，又道：“既然如此，方源侄儿，我们也不会勉强你。
“If that’s the case, Fang Yuan my nephew, we won’t force you.

只是你已经十五岁了，也该dú lì门户，这样一来也方便继承你方家支脉。
Since you are already 15 years old, you need to start being independent, this way you will also easily carry on your Fang bloodline.

舅父这里为你准备了两百块元石，算是给你的资助。”
Uncle here has prepared 200 primeval stones for you as financial support.”

“两百块元石！”
“200 primeval stones!”

方正顿时瞪圆了眼睛，他从未见过这么多的元石，不禁流露出羡慕的神情。
Fang Zheng’s eyes opened wide, he had never seen so many primeval stones in his life. He couldn’t help but reveal a jealous expression.

哪知方源却仍旧摇头。
But Fang Yuan still shook his head.

方正大惑不解，舅父的面sè却微微一变，舅母的脸也yīn沉下来。
Fang Zheng was puzzled, while Uncle’s expression changed slightly. Aunt’s face had also turned cloudy.

“舅父舅母，若没其他事情，侄儿就先告辞了。” 方源没有给他们再说话的机会，丢下这句话，拎起酒坛，直接就出了厅堂。
“Aunt and Uncle. If there is nothing else, then your nephew will take his leave,” Fang Yuan did not give them any chance to speak again. After he finished his sentence he took his wine jars and left the hall immediately.

方正起身：“父亲，母亲，哥哥是一时想不通，不如让我来劝劝他？”
Fang Zheng rose from his seat and said, “Father, Mother. Big brother is not thinking straight, how about you let me advise him?”

舅父摆手，故意长叹：“唉，这事不能强求，你有这个心，为父已经很欣慰了。
Uncle waved his hand and deliberately sighed, “Alas this matter cannot be forced. Since you have the heart, as your father I am already very content.

来人，把方正少爷待下去，好生安住着。”
Servants, take care of young master Fang Zheng treat him well. “

“那儿子告退了。” 方正退下，客厅便陷入了沉寂。
“Then your son will take his leave,” Fang Zheng retreated, and the living room fell into silence.

太阳彻底落下山去，客厅中越加昏暗。
The sun set below the mountain, and the living room became darker.

半晌，昏暗中传来舅父冷冷的声音：“看来方源这个小兔崽子，已经看破了我们的谋算。”
In a while from the darkness Uncle’s cold voice emerged. “Looks like this brat Fang Yuan has seen through our plot.”

古月一族的族规中，有明文规定：十六岁的长子，有继承家产的资格。
Among the regulations of the Gu Yue clan it was clearly stipulated that the eldest son at 16 years of age would have the qualifications to inherit the family property.

方源的双亲，已经亡故，留下一笔不菲的遗产，都被舅父舅母“保管”着。
Fang Yuan’s parents had passed away, leaving behind a fortune. It was being ‘taken care’ of by Aunt and Uncle.

这笔遗产的价值，可不是区区两百块元石可比的。
This inheritance was not something a measly sum of 200 essence stones could compare to.

若是方源也像方正一样过继给舅父舅母，那就没有资格继承这笔遗产。
If Fang Yuan had also agreed to be adopted by Aunt and Uncle, then he would lose the right to inherit this fortune.

若是方源今年十五岁就dú lì门户，也不符合族中继承家产的规定。
If Fang Yuan at this year’s age of 15 decided to be independent, he would also not conform to the clan’s regulations.

“幸亏啊，我们笼络住了方正，而方源只有丙等资质。” 舅父又叹一声，感到庆幸无比。
“Luckily we managed to win over Fang Zheng, and Fang Yuan only has C grade talent,” Uncle heaved a sigh, feeling joyful.

“那老爷，方源摆明了是要在十六岁dú lì出去，我们该怎么办呢？”
“Then husband, if Fang Yuan decides to go independent at 16 years of age, what do we do?”

舅母一想到那笔遗产，语气就急了。
Aunt’s tone was hysterical as she thought about the inheritance.

“哼，他既然心怀不轨，也就怪不得我们了。
“Hmph, since he is acting undisciplined, then he can’t blame us.

只要我们在他dú lì出去之前，抓住他的大错，将他逐出家门，也就剥夺了他继承遗产的资格。” 舅父冷哼道。
As long as we catch him committing a huge mistake before he leaves us and expel him from our family, it will be counted as snatching away his right to inherit the legacy,” Uncle explained coldly.

“可是方源这小兔崽子，聪明得很，怎么会犯错呢？”
“But the brat is very clever, how would he make a mistake?”

舅母不解。
Aunt asked, puzzled.

舅父顿时翻了个白眼，低声呵斥：“你真是蠢笨！
Uncle rolled his eyes immediately and whispered angrily, “You are really stupid!

他不会犯错，难道我们就不能陷害么？
If he won’t make a mistake, can’t we frame him instead?

就让沈翠那个丫头先去勾引方源，然后再大叫非礼，我们当场人赃俱获，再栽赃他个酒后乱xìng，丧心病狂的罪名，还怕逐不出方源？”
Just let Shen Cui seduce Fang Yuan and scream assault, we catch him on the spot, fabricate a story about him acting wild while he was drunk. Surely we can expel Fang Yuan?”

“老爷还是你有办法，妙计啊！”
“Husband you really have a way, what an ingenious plan!”

舅母顿时大喜过望。
Aunt was overjoyed at that moment.

浓郁的夜sè铺盖下来，漫天的繁星被飘来的yīn云遮挡住大半。
The thick colors of the night covered the sky, and the stars that blanketed the sky were mostly covered away by floating dark clouds.

山寨中各家各户渐渐亮起了灯火。
Each of the households in the village gradually lit up with lights.

古月方正被领进一间房内。
Gu Yue Fang Zheng was ushered into a room.

“方正少爷，这可是老爷亲自叮嘱老奴，特意为您整理，专门腾出来的房间。”
“Young master Fang Zheng, the old master personally had me tidy up this room specially for you,” Mother Shen said with a hospitable tone.

沈嬷嬷殷勤地介绍着，她弓着腰，脸上堆满了谄媚的笑容。
She bowed her waist, her face having a flattering smile.

方正环视一周，眼睛发亮。
Fang Zheng looked around with a glance, his eyes shining.

这房间比他原先住的还要大上两倍，zhōng yāng是宽大的床铺，窗台一侧是檀木书桌，摆着jīng致的笔墨纸砚，四周墙壁是jīng美的挂饰。
This room was at least bigger by two times compared to his previous room. The middle of the room was a spacious bed, beside the window was a rosewood desk with a delicate set of ink and paper.

甚至脚下也不是普通的地板，而是覆盖了一层柔软的手工地毯。
The walls were decorated with exquisite ornaments, and beneath his feet was not an ordinary floor, but covered in a layer of soft handmade carpet.

从小到大，方正还从未住过这样的房间。
From his childhood until now, Fang Zheng had never stayed in such a room.

当即连连点头：“这很好，真是不错。 谢谢沈嬷嬷了。”
He immediately nodded his head continuously and said, “This is very good, it really isn’t bad, thank you Mother Shen.”

这沈嬷嬷是舅母最器重的人，管理着家里上下的奴仆，是名副其实的管家。
Mother Shen was Aunt and Uncle’s most highly valued person, she was in charge of all the slaves in the house and was a housekeeper who lived up to her reputation.

方源的贴身丫鬟沈翠，就是她的女儿。
The girl Shen Cui who served Fang Yuan was her daughter.

沈嬷嬷呵呵地笑起来：“奴婢哪里敢当得起少爷您的谢，应该的，应该的！
Mother Shen laughed, “I am not deserving of young master’s gratitude, it is my duty, my duty!

少爷您尽管吃好睡好，想要什么就摇摇床边的铃铛，立即就会有下人上来听候吩咐。
Young master, do not hesitate to eat well and sleep well. Whatever you want, just shake the bell beside your bed, somebody will attend to you immediately.

老爷吩咐了，这些rì子少爷您就一门心思的修行，其他的琐事都交给我们下人们办理。”
Old master has already instructed us, so in these few days please do put all your attention on cultivating, young master. Just leave all the other chores to us.”

方正心中再度涌出一股感激之情，他没有再说什么，只在心中默默下定决心：这一次一定要夺得第一，不让舅父舅母失望！
Fang Zheng felt a gush of gratitude in his heart. He did not say anything, but deep down inside he decided, this time I must get number one and not let Aunt and Uncle down!

天空中的yīn云越来越重，夜sè也因此越发深沉。
The dark clouds in the sky were getting heavier, and the night was getting darker.

夜空中的星辰几乎都被云翳遮蔽，只余下几颗闪着微弱的光芒，在天空中挣扎着。
In the night sky most of the stars were covered away by the clouds, leaving a few shining with faint light, blinking away in the sky.

“舅父舅母应该在合计着，怎么将我逐出家门吧。
“Aunt and Uncle must be plotting on how to expel me from the house right now.

前世是暗中唆使下人挑衅我，然后栽赃我，最后把我逐出家门，不知道这一世会有什么变化。”
In my previous life they secretly instigated the servants to provoke me, and then framed me. Then they expelled me from the family, I wonder if there will be any changes in this life.”

方源走在街道上，心中冷笑不止。
Fang Yuan sneered in his heart as he walked along the streets.

对于舅父舅母的真面目，他早就看清了。
He had long seen clearly the true colors of his Aunt and Uncle.

不过也能理解。
But he could also understand it.

人为财死鸟为食亡，不管是地球还是这个世界上，总有那么多的人为了利益而践踏亲情、友情、爱情。
Men would throw away their lives in pursuit for wealth. No matter whether on Earth or in this world, there would always be many people who would be willing to trample over kinship, friendly and love for their own self- interests and benefits.

事实上，亲情根本就没有。
In fact kinship did not exist.

当初舅父舅母收养方源方正，根本目的就是贪图遗产。
In the beginning when Aunt and Uncle took in Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng, their only purpose was to seek the heritage.

只是方源方正两兄弟频频让他们意外。
It was just so that the two brothers were repeatedly unexpected.

“万事开头难，对我而言，更是如此。
“All things are difficult before they are easy. To me this is more so of the case.

我一没有过人资质，二没有师长关照，等于是白手起家。
Firstly I do not have outstanding talent, secondly I do not have the care of a teacher.

双亲的遗产，可以说是我的一个大跳板。
It is equivalent to raising a family from nothing, but with my parent’s legacy it can be said to be a huge advantage for me.

前世遗产被舅父舅母夺去，害得自己整整耗费了两年，才修行到一转巅峰。
In my previous life Aunt and Uncle stole away the heritage, and because of that I had to waste two full years to be able to cultivate to Rank One peak stage.

这一世，这个错误不能再犯了。”
In this life I cannot afford to make the same mistake.”

方源就这样一边走，一边思考着。
Fang Yuan pondered in his mind as he walked.

他没有在居所待着，而是提着两坛酒，方向直指寨外。
Instead of staying home, he held the two jars of wine and walked towards the outskirts of the village.

夜空越来越yīn沉，乌云遮蔽了星光，山风呼呼的吹着，有渐渐增强的趋势。
The night deepened and the dark clouds obscured the star light, the mountain breeze blew, growing stronger gradually.

山雨yù来啊。
The mountain rain was coming.

不过还是要探索。 双亲遗产要夺回来，那也得等到他明年十六岁。
But he still had to search, to get ahold of his parent’s inheritance, he would need to wait until he was sixteen.

而花酒行者遗藏，才是近期就可能得手的东西。
And the Flower Wine Monk’s treasure was the only thing that he could get his hands on in the short run.

街道上，行人很少。
There were not many people on the streets.

路边房屋中透出昏暗的光，一些琐碎的生活垃圾，以及树叶尘土，被风卷吹，随意飘零。
The houses along the road showed a dim light. Some small rubbish and leaves were blown away by the wind, drifting about.

方源单薄的衣服，有些挡不住这山风，不由地感到一阵冷意。
Fang Yuan’s thin clothing could not stop the mountain wind, and he could not help but feel a cold chill.

他索xìng将拎着的酒坛打开，小小的喝了一口。
He simply opened the wine jar, drinking a small mouthful of wine.

虽是浊酒，但是咽下去后，就有一股暖意升腾上来。
Although it was turbid wine, but after swallowing it he felt a warm feeling rising up.

这还是他这些天，第一次真的饮酒。
This was the first time that he actually drank wine in these few days.

越要出山寨，路边的房屋就越稀疏，灯火就越昏暗。
The further he walked out of the village, the lesser the houses beside the road, and the dimmer the lights became.

前方，更是黑暗重重。
In front of him it was even darker.

风吹压着山林，夜sè中树枝摇曳，呼呼作响，像是群兽在咆哮。
The wind blew heavily against the mountain forest, the branches swaying in the night, making a whistling noise that sounded like a herd of beasts roaring.

方源的步伐没有半点迟疑，出了山寨大门，在黑暗的路中渐行渐远。
Fang Yuan’s pace did not slow down. He walked out of the huge entrance of the village and out into the darkness, going further as he walked.

而在他的背后，是明媚辉煌的万家灯火。
And behind him were the bright and brilliant lights of tens of thousands of houses.

在这灯火中，有个温暖的角落。
In these lights there was a warm corner.

弟弟古月方正坐在书桌前，温习着课上记下的笔记。
The younger brother Fang Zheng was seated at his desk, reviewing the notes that he had taken down during class.

房屋中灯火明亮，坚实的墙壁阻挡了冷风，在他的手边摆着一杯温热的参茶，热气袅袅地升腾着。
The lights in the house were shining brightly, the and solid wall blocked away the cold winds. Beside his hand was a cup of warm ginseng tea, the steam rising up from the cup.

“方正少爷，洗澡的热水已经为您准备好了。”
“Young master Fang Zheng, the hot bathing water has been prepared for you.”

门外，沈翠的声音轻轻传来。
Outside the door, Shen Cui’s voice softly floated through.

方正心中一动：“那就拿进来吧。”
Fang Zheng’s heart jolted. “Then bring it in please.”

沈翠带着一脸的媚意，扭着腰走进了房间。
Shen Cui walked into the room with her waist bowed, her expression pleased.

“奴婢见过方正少爷。”
“Your servant greets young master.”

她满眼秋波地向方正望过去。
Her eyes sent amorous glances at Fang Zheng.

方源只是个丙等，方正可是甲等资质。
Fang Yuan was only a C grade talent, but Fang Zheng was an A grade talent!

能攀上他，才是真正的大富贵！
To be able to get ahold of him, is truly the biggest fortune!

第十节：天有不测风云，炼蛊别具艰辛
Chapter 10: A storm may arise from a clear sky, refining Gu is full of hardships

啪啪啪
Pitter patter…

豆大的雨点，密集地下着。 打在苍翠的竹楼上，发出脆响。
Big, heavy raindrops fell to the earth, battering the roof of the verdant bamboo house, making brittle sounds.

楼前池塘中，水面被雨点激打着，鱼儿在水里快活地穿梭着，水草在池底摇曳。
The surface of the pond in front of the building was full of ripples as the rain fell, the fish in the water swimming lively around, the aquatic plants swaying about at the bottom of the pond.

yīn云密布，整个视野都被一层浓密厚重的雨帘遮挡起来。
The sky was overcast, a thick rain curtain obscured the field of vision as far as the eye could see.

在有些昏暗的房间里，窗户开着，方源静静地看着这场大雨，心中幽幽一叹：“已经三天三夜了。”
In the somewhat dim room the window was open, and Fang Yuan quietly watched the heavy rainfall, sighing. “It has already been 3 days and 3 nights.”

三天前的那晚，他拎着两坛酒，出了山寨，在周边继续探索。
On the night 3 days ago he had walked out of the village with two jars of wine, searching around the surroundings.

但到了深夜就下起了瓢泼大雨。
But when it was late into the night it started pouring rain.

被淋成落汤鸡且不去谈他，关键是如此情况下，就再也不能四处探索了。
Put aside him being drenched to the bones, the main point was that in the situation he could not go about searching anymore.

雨水能将酒气迅速地冲刷掉，同时若顶着雨强行探索，只怕会引起怀疑。
The rainwater would quickly wash away the wine fragrance. At the same time if he forced himself to search under such conditions, it might arouse suspicions.

先前是伪装成失意酗酒的样子，来遮掩真正的动机。 但千万不要低估旁人的智慧，往往只有蠢材才会认为别人愚蠢。
Although previously he pretended to become a depressed drunken person to cover up his real motives, but he knew never to underestimate the intelligence of others around him. Only a fool would think others were stupid.

所以无奈之下，方源就只能终止了探索。
Thus under this helplessness, Fang Yuan could only stop his search.

而这场雨下起来，就一直持续着，期间或大或小，或稀或密，却没有停止过。
Not too mention that the moment it started raining, the rain had went on continuously. Sometimes it became heavier and sometimes lighter, but it never stopped.

“这样一来，酒虫短时间之内就寻不到了。
“I guess in this way, I won’t be able to find the Liquor worm for a short period of time.

保险起见，只能先着手炼化月光蛊。
To be safe I can only choose to start refining the Moonlight Gu.

在这炼化的过程中，能寻到酒虫最好，得不到也只好这样将就了。
While I refine it, if I can find the Liquor worm during the process it would be the best, but if I can’t then this would have to do.

不过此事也很平常，天有不测之风云。
But this matter is very common, a storm may arise from a clear sky, something unexpected may happen anytime.

这世间哪有人做事能一直顺风顺水，尽善尽美的？”
In this world who can do everything without obstacles in his way, having a perfect journey?”

方源心境很平稳，五百年的经历，早就洗去了他xìng情中本来就少的浮躁。
Fang Yuan’s thoughts were very calm, his 500 years of experience had long washed away the impulsiveness that he rarely had in the first place.

他关上窗户和门，趺坐到床榻之上。
He closed the door and window and sat cross-legged on his bed.

缓缓闭上双眼，呼吸调匀后，便将心神一沉。
He closed his eyes slowly and after breathing a few times, he calmed his state of mind.

下一刻，脑海中就展现出自身空窍的景象。
In the next moment the vision of his primeval aperture appeared in his mind.

空窍虽然寄托在体内，但是玄妙异常，无限大，又无限小。
The aperture may be positioned inside his body but it was mysteriously unusual, limitlessly big and yet infinitely small.

空窍外侧，是一层光膜。
The outer layer of the aperture was a layer of light.

白sè的光膜给人很纤薄的感觉，但是却实实在在地支撑着空窍。
The white light gave a thin impression, but it still supported the aperture well.

空窍中，是一片真元海洋。
In the aperture was a sea of primeval essence.

海水呈青铜sè，海面平静如镜，水位差不多是空窍的一半高。
The seawater was a green copper color, the surface of the sea clear and calm as a mirror. The water level was about half the height of the aperture.

整个元海体积，占据空窍的四成四。
The entire volume of the sea occupied 44% of the aperture.

这就是一转蛊师的青铜元海，每一滴海水，都是真元。
This was the green copper primeval sea of a Rank one Gu Master, and every drop of seawater was primeval essence.

是方源的生命元力，是方源的jīng气神的凝结。
It was Fang Yuan’s life elementary force and the condensation of his essence, vitality and soul.

每一滴真元都是宝贵的，因为它是一个蛊师的根本，是力量之源。
Every drop of primeval essence was precious, because it was the root of a Gu Master, and was the source of power.

就是靠着真元，蛊师才能炼化和催动蛊虫。
Gu Masters need to rely on primeval essence to refine and use Gu.

心神从元海中退出来，方源睁开双眼，从怀中取出那只月光蛊。
As he retreated his mind from the primeval sea, Fang Yuan opened his eyes retrieved the Moonlight Gu.

月光蛊静静地躺在方源的掌心中，就好像一个弯弯的蓝sè月亮，小巧玲珑，晶莹剔透。
The Moonlight Gu quietly sat in the middle of his palm, resembling a curved blue moon, small and crystalline.

方源心念一动，顿时空窍中的元海翻滚起来，一股真元水流冲破海面，调动到体外，尽数涌入到月光蛊之中。
With a simple thought, the primeval sea in his aperture tumbled and a jet of primeval essence broke from the sea surface and transferred out of the body, finally rushing into the Moonlight Gu.

月光蛊猛地绽放出幽蓝的光辉，在方源的手掌中微微地颤动，抗拒着方源真元的涌入。
The Moonlight Gu suddenly radiated fiercely in blue light, slightly trembling in Fang Yuan’s palm, resisting the influx of primeval essence.

蛊是天地之jīng华，大道之密码，法则之载体。
Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, carrying the secrets of the world, the bearers of the law of nature.

它也是生灵，天生zì yóu自在，存在着本身的意志。
They are living creatures that live freely under the sky, each born with a will of its own.

现在方源要炼化它，就是要抹去它的意志，感应到这股危机，月光蛊自然要反抗。
Right now with Fang Yuan trying to refine it, it would mean wiping out its will. Feeling the danger looming, the Moonlight Gu naturally resisted.

炼化的过程十分艰难。
The process of refining is a very difficult one.

月光蛊就像是一片弯弯的月牙，青铜sè的真元注入到月牙当中，首先就将月牙两个尖端染绿。
The Moonlight Gu was like a curved crescent moon. As the green copper primeval essence poured into the crescent, the two pointed ends of the crescent turned green.

随后这股青铜绿意，开始向月牙中段蔓延。
Slowly this green copper essence began to spread to the middle of the crescent moon.

不到三分钟，方源的脸上就呈现出一抹苍白。
In less than three minutes, Fang Yuan’s face had become pale.

大量的真元不断地涌入到月光蛊中，导致一股股抽经伐髓的虚弱感，连绵不绝地向他心头袭来。
A huge volume of primeval essence continuously poured into the Moonlight Gu, making him feel a weakness that rapidly attacked his heart.

一分、两分、三分八方、九分、一成。
1%, 2%, 3%… 8%, 9%, 10%.

十分钟后，方源元海就消耗掉了整整一成真元。
Ten minutes later, Fang Yuan’s primeval sea had used away 10% of primeval essence.

但是蓝水晶一样的月光蛊表面，处在月牙尖端的两点青铜绿意，却只向中段扩张了一丁点的面积。
Yet on the blue crystalline Moonlight Gu’s surface, the points of green copper essence on the two tips of the crescent only expanded a tiny little area towards the center.

月光蛊的反抗力，十分顽强。
The resistance of the Moonlight Gu was immensely strong.

好在方源对此早有预料，也不意外，坚持向月光蛊中灌输真元。
Fortunately Fang Yuan had anticipated this earlier and did not feel surprised. He persisted and poured in more essence into the Moonlight Gu.

一成，两成，三成。
1%, 2%, 3%…

又过了二十分钟，方源体内的元海只剩下一成四分，月光蛊上青铜绿意扩张了一丝，两片绿意若叠加起来算，大约有整个月光蛊表面的十二分之一。
After another twenty minutes, the primeval sea in Fang Yuan’s body was only left with 14%. The green copper essence on the Moonlight Gu had expanded slightly, the two tips of green essence adding up together covering the surface of the Moonlight Gu by about 1/12.

至于其余部分，还是月光蛊本身的淡蓝之sè。
The rest of the Moonlight Gu’s surface was still the original color of light blue.

“炼蛊艰难呐。” 看到此景，方源暗叹一声，断了真元供给，不再继续炼化这月光蛊。
“Refining a Gu is so hard,” Fang Yuan sighed as he looked at it. He broke the influx of primeval essence, stopping the refining process.

到此刻，炼蛊整整半小时，空窍元海已经消耗了一大半，只剩下一成四的真元残留着。
Up until now, he had been refining for half an hour, the primeval sea in his aperture consumed over more than half, with only 14% of primeval essence left.

而月光蛊才刚刚炼化了十二分之一。
And the Moonlight Gu was only refined by 1/12 of it.

而且，更叫人难以接受的是，月光蛊仍旧散发着幽蓝的光晕。
To make matters worse the Moonlight Gu was still emitting its faint blue halo.

方源虽然停止了炼化，但是它却没有停止反抗，仍旧在驱逐方源的青铜真元。
Even though Fang Yuan had stopped refining, the Moonlight Gu did not stop resisting, it was still driving out Fang Yuan’s green coppery primeval essence.

方源可以清晰地感到，汇入到月光蛊中的真元，正在一点点被月光蛊驱除出去，逸散到体外。
Fang Yuan could clearly feel that the primeval essence that he poured into the Moonlight Gu was being pushed out, bit by bit by the Moonlight Gu out of its body.

月光蛊表面，两个月牙尖端的青铜绿意也在慢慢地缩小。
On its surface, the green copper essence at the two tips of the moon crescent was slowly shrinking.

照这减少的速度估算，大约六个小时之后，月光蛊就能将方源的真元全部驱除。
Based on this speed of reduction, in about six hours later the Moonlight Gu would be able to completely expel all of Fang Yuan’s primeval essence.

到那时再来炼化这蛊虫，和重头祭炼没有分别。
At that time when he needed to refine this Gu it would make no difference from starting over again.

“每一次炼蛊，就像是两军交战，打阵地战，消耗战。
“Every time when refining Gu, it is just like a fight between two armies, a battle of positional warfare, or war of attrition.

蛊虫只祭炼了十二分之一，而我的真元却消耗了整整三成。
Even though I refined 1/12 of the Gu, I wasted three quarters of my primeval essence.

蛊师炼蛊就必须一边补充元海真元，一边持续不断地祭炼，巩固胜利成果。
When refining Gu, a Gu Master has to replenish his primeval sea while continuously engaging the refinement process, consolidating his victory.

炼蛊考较的不仅是调动真元的技巧，还有持久战的耐心。”
The refinement of a Guis a test of one’s skill in shifting his primeval essence and the patience of an enduring battle.”

方源一边想着，一边从钱袋中取出一块元石。
Fang Yuan took out a piece of primeval stone from his moneybag as he pondered.

蛊师要补充消耗掉的真元，通常有两种方法。
A Gu Master had two ways to replenish the consumed primeval essence.

一种是自然恢复。
The first way was natural recovery.

每过一段时间，元海就会自动补充真元。
After a period of time the primeval sea would naturally replenish the primeval essence.

像方源这种丙等资质，大约一个小时补充四分真元。
In the case of a C grade talent like Fang Yuan, it would take about one hour to replenish 4% of primeval essence.

六个小时，就能恢复二成四分的真元总量。
In six hours it could recover 24% points of the total quantity primeval essence.

第二种方法，就是汲取元石中的自然元力。
The second way was to absorb the natural essence directly from a primeval stone.

元石是大自然的瑰宝，凝聚着天然真元，可以被蛊师吸收。 方源手握元石，从里面源源不断地汲取出天然真元，汇入到自己的空窍元海之中。
The primeval stone is a treasure from nature itself.

元石表面的细腻光华，慢慢地暗淡下去，方源的元海水位却以肉眼可见的速度，不断攀升。
As condensed natural primeval essence, while absorbing it the water level of the primeval sea was rising with a continuous speed that could be seen with the naked eye.

大约半个小时之后，元海重新恢复到四成四的体积。
After about half an hour the primeval sea had been replenished back to its original volume of 44%.

到了这程度，海面增高的趋势，就戛然而止。
At this level the rising water level of the sea stopped abruptly.

虽然空窍中还有空间，但是方源却再也存储不了更多真元。
Even though there was still space inside the aperture, Fang Yuan could not store any more primeval essence.

这就是他丙等资质的局限了。
This was the limit of his C grade talent.

由此，就可体现出修行资质的重要作用了。
Thus from here one can see the significance of the grade of one’s cultivation talent.

资质越高，空窍中存储的真元就越多，并且真元自然恢复的速度也越快。
The higher the talent, the more primeval essence the aperture can hold, and the faster the natural recovery of the primeval essence will be.

对于方源来讲，要炼化蛊虫，巩固成果，必须得吸收元石，因为他真元自然恢复的速度，比不上月光蛊驱逐真元的速度。
In Fang Yuan’s case to refine a Gu and solidify his results, he would have to absorb primeval stones because his primeval essence natural recovery rate cannot defeat the rate of the Moonlight Gu expelling it out.

但是对于甲等资质的方正来讲，他每小时能补充八分真元。
However in the case of the A grade talent Fang Zheng, he could replenish 8% of primeval essence every hour.

六个小时，就能恢复四成八分的真元总量，而月光蛊在同样的六个小时内，只能驱逐三成真元。
In six hours he would recover 48% of primeval essence, and in the same time frame the Moonlight Gu could only expel away 3% points of primeval essence.

他甚至不需要元石这样的外力帮助，就这样一直炼化，期间休息几次，过个几天，就能将月光蛊成功炼化。
Fang Zheng did not require the external help of a primeval stone. He could go on refining with a few rests in the process and successfully refine the Moonlight Gu in a few days.

所以，方源从一开始就知道，在这场炼化月光蛊的考核中，自己根本就没可能夺得第一。
That was why Fang Yuan knew from the beginning that in this test, to refine the Moonlight Gu he never had the chance to obtain the first position.

这无关实力，而是资质才是此中的第一因素。
It had nothing to do with a person’s actual strength, as the first factor was the grade of talent.

第二因素则是元石。
The second factor would be primeval stones.

若是元石充沛，不惜损耗，乙等资质的人，也可能超越甲等，夺得第一。
If there was an abundance of primeval stones, without hesitation to consume, a B grade talent could also surpass an A grade talent and obtain the first position.

“我手中只有六块元石，比不上古月漠北，古月赤城这种背后有长辈支持的人。
“In my hands are six pieces of primeval stones. I cannot compare to Gu Yue Mo Bei or Gu Yue Chi Chen, these kinds of people who have their elder family members supporting them from behind.

我资质只有丙等，也比不上甲等资质的古月方正。
My talent is on C grade, and cannot be compared to Fang Zheng who has an A grade talent.

这场考核本来就没有一丁点胜算，还不如分散jīng力，去寻找酒虫。
I never had a chance of winning in this test. Why not divert my energy and go look for the Liquor worm?

若是能将酒虫炼成本命蛊，可比月光蛊要好多了。
If I can make the Liquor Worm into my vital Gu it would be so much better than the Moonlight Gu.

嗯？
Hmm?

窗外的雨声小了，似乎有停息的迹象。
The sound of rain outside the window has gotten lighter, there seems to be a sign of ceasing.

这场大雨已经连下了三天三夜，也该停了。”
The rain has been ongoing for three days and three nights, it should be time it stopped.”

方源收起月光蛊，下了床榻，正要打开窗，此时却有敲门声响起。
Fang Yuan kept the Moonlight Gu and got down from his bed. As he was about to open the window, there was a knock on the door.

门外传来贴身丫鬟沈翠的声音：“方源少爷，是奴婢。
Outside the door came his servant Shen Cui’s voice, “Young master Fang Yuan, its me.

这三天雨连下着，奴婢这就给您带来了一些酒菜，少爷吃喝一些，也能解些乏闷。”
It has been raining straight for three days, so I brought you some food and wine. Young master can eat and drink and ease some depressed feelings.”

