Modelo;Texto_Raw;Texto_Input;Traduccion_Raw
Gemini;"算不尽仙友，你是智道蛊仙更当明白眼前的局势";Friend Suan Bu Jin, as a wisdom path Gu Immortal, you should be even more aware of the current situation;"Immortal friend Suan Bu Jin, as a Wisdom Path Gu Immortal, you should understand the situation before us even better."
Gemini;"立刻这上百药草形成的药液，骤然落下，在与这血湖碰触的瞬间，如同相互之间有强烈的排斥，直接爆发，燃烧成为黑色的火焰，覆盖整个血湖";As they flew through the air, they transformed into a medicinal liquid. When that entered the blood lake, a powerful expulsion force erupted out, and the burning caused a black smoke to rise up and fill the area;"Immediately, the medicinal liquid formed from the hundreds of herbs descended suddenly. The moment it touched the blood lake, it was as if they had a strong mutual repulsion, erupting directly and burning into black flames that covered the entire blood lake."
Gemini;"对那些徒手肉搏者，这些堪比钢铁般坚硬的木刺，将会给他们留下深刻的印象";To those fighting barehanded, these thorns that were as sturdy as steel would leave a lasting impression on them;"For those who engage in hand-to-hand combat, these wooden spikes, as hard as steel, will leave a deep impression on them."
Gemini;"古月方想口中喃喃，捂住心口";Gu Yue Fang Xiang muttered, his hand over his heart;"Gu Yue Fang Xiang murmured to himself, clutching his chest."
Gemini;"若是在平地之上，尺许小径又算得了甚么，可是这石梁下临深谷，别说行走，只望一眼也不免胆战心惊";If this stone bridge were laid on the ground, it would act just like a narrow alley, nothing to be afraid of, but under the stone bridge was a deep canyon. Just looking at it would cause the heart to tremble with fear, let alone walk across it;"If it were on flat ground, a path a foot wide would be nothing; but here, beneath the stone beam lies a deep abyss. Forget about walking on it—even a single glance is enough to make one's heart tremble with fear."
Gemini;"虽然我并非黄金血脉。 参与王庭争霸，就是为了混迹到八十八角真阳楼中捞取好处";Although I am not of the Huang Jin bloodline, I participated in the fight for Imperial Court to get some benefits from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building;"Although I do not possess the Golden Bloodline, I am participating in the Imperial Court contest simply to infiltrate the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and reap some benefits."
Gemini;"反倒是北岸，此刻居然为上官天佑欢呼，这欢呼声让上官天佑心里别扭，他知道北岸不是因为自己，而是因为白小纯才对自己发出欢呼，也就是说，就算与白小纯对战的是一头猪，北岸也会为这头猪喝彩，这么一想，上官天佑心底对白小纯，更为不悦";The north bank, on the other hand, actually did start to cheer for Shangguan Tianyou. In response, Shangguan Tianyou frowned, aware that they weren't really cheering for him, but against Bai Xiaochun. The north bank would cheer for any oppon ent of Bai Xiaochun’s, even if it were a pig. The thought left Shangguan Tianyou even more displeased than before;"Instead, the North Bank was actually cheering for Shangguan Tianyou at this moment. This cheering made Shangguan Tianyou feel uncomfortable; he knew the North Bank wasn't cheering because of him, but because of Bai Xiaochun. In other words, even if the person fighting against Bai Xiaochun were a pig, the North Bank would still applaud for it. Thinking of this, Shangguan Tianyou felt even more displeased with Bai Xiaochun deep down."
Gemini;"在仙元方面，巨阳仙尊应当占据优势。 在炼蛊方面，是方源占据优势";In terms of immortal essence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable should have an advantage, in terms of Gu refinement, Fang Yuan has the advantage;"In terms of Immortal Essence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable should have the advantage. In terms of Gu refinement, Fang Yuan has the advantage."
Gemini;"那么对不起得很，两柄剑都到了做哥哥的家里啦";Then I am really very sorry, for both daggers would belong to my family then;"Then I am terribly sorry, but both swords have already arrived at this elder brother's home."
Gemini;"方源，你怎么也想不到，会有今天吧";Fang Yuan, you had never in your wildest imagination, expect this day to occur right;"Fang Yuan, you never would have thought there would be a day like today, right?"
Gemini;"提到弟弟丁言。 丁齐满脸悲伤愤怒";Mentioning his brother, Ding Qi was extremely angry and upset;"Mentioning his younger brother Ding Yan, Ding Qi's face was filled with grief and anger."
Gemini;"黄蓉道";Huang Rong said;"Huang Rong said."
Gemini;"大小姐，你不妨将此事交给我处理，我来找她谈，付出一些代价也无妨";Missy, leave this to me, I will negotiate with her, it is okay if we pay a small price;"Eldest Miss, you might as well leave this matter for me to handle. I will go talk to her; paying a certain price is fine."
Gemini;"现在还不是换取变化道仙蛊方，炼制变化道的其他仙蛊的时候";Now was not the time to exchange them for transformation path Immortal Gu recipes, or the time to refine transformation path Immortal Gu;"Now is not the time to trade for Transformation Path Immortal Gu recipes or to refine other Transformation Path Immortal Gu."
Gemini;"苏秦背剑";Reviving Qin Behind the Sword;"Su Qin Carrying the Sword."
Gemini;"轰的一声，他就与前方的元妖子与通天道人，直接撞在了一起，元妖子喷出鲜血，通天道人一样鲜血狂喷，二人倒退时，噬灵上人与广目天尊，哪怕有些迟疑，可还是前行阻拦，与白小纯再次碰触";A boom could be heard as he slammed into Prince Ur-Demon and Daoist Heavenspan. Blood sprayed out of both of their mouths as they were sent tumbling to the side. As for Reverend Devourer and Celestial Virūpākṣa, although they were still leery about the situation, they still tried to block Bai Xiaochun’s path;"With a boom, he collided directly with Yuan Yaozi and Daoist Tongtian in front. Yuan Yaozi spat out blood, and Daoist Tongtian sprayed blood wildly as well. As the two retreated, Shiling Shangren and Guangmu Tianzun, though hesitant, still moved forward to intercept, clashing with Bai Xiaochun once more."
Gemini;"其中一个手段，是关于命牌蛊、魂灯蛊";One of the methods was about life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu;"One of the methods concerns Life Plate Gu and Soul Lamp Gu."
Gemini;"他最后说，我十分伤心，跟着你来的日子也不远了";He finally said that his grief was so deep that the day he would follow her to the grave would not be far away;"He said at the end: 'I am very sad; the day I follow you is not far away.'"
Gemini;"刚想到这里，陆畏因眼前忽然一黑";While thinking of this, Lu Wei Yin’s vision suddenly turned dark;"Just as he thought of this, Lu Weiyin's vision suddenly went black."
Gemini;"欧阳锋道";Hong Qigong said;"Ouyang Feng said."
Gemini;"一灯道";Yideng said;"Yideng said."
Gemini;"大部分风刃则成功地绕过水莲，在后方重新汇聚，形成一个稍小的纠风，仍旧向那头荒级虚兽撞去";But most of the wind blades dodged the water lotus and gathered together again, forming a smaller entangled wind, and charging towards the desolate level phantom beast;"Most of the wind blades successfully bypassed the water lotus, gathered again in the rear to form a slightly smaller wind vortex, and continued to slam into that Desolate-level phantom beast."
Gemini;"嘴巴张得老大，露出一嘴齐整的牙齿，牙关紧闭";The mouths opened up with jaws clenched, revealing a set of even teeth;"His mouth was wide open, revealing a row of neat teeth, with his jaw tightly clenched."
Gemini;"伊上帝之降命，何修短之难哉";Why did God make someone is life so short;"Alas, the decree of the Divine Sovereign; why is life so short and difficult?"
Gemini;"东方长凡点点头";Dong Fang Chang Fan nodded;"Dongfang Changfan nodded."
Gemini;"倒是真不错";He is truly a good choice;"That really is not bad."
Gemini;"泰琴拼尽全力，不惜施展损害自己的手段，终于将王蚁收服";Tai Qin gave it her all and used methods that carried backlash to herself but finally subdued the ant queen;"Tai Qin exhausted all her strength, not hesitating to use methods that damaged herself, finally subduing the King Ant."
Gemini;"柯镇恶听了两人对答，知道郭靖懂得谦抑，心下也自喜欢";Ke Zhen E was delighted listening to their conversation. He was proud that Guo Jing was well-behaved;"Ke Zhen'e heard their conversation and, knowing that Guo Jing understood humility, felt pleased in his heart."
Gemini;"但此茶却是个例外，要一口气喝掉";ut this tea was different, one had to gulp it in one mouthful;"But this tea is an exception; it must be drunk in one breath."
Gemini;"领队的武官叫道";The leader shouted in response;"The lead military officer shouted."
Gemini;"而现在，他只有将自身强悍到了极致后，才有把握，将那看似打不死的雷山，直接轰杀，一旦将其轰杀，白小纯就可以在无人追击中，彻底逃遁出去";Right now, Bai Xiaochun knew that he had to become as powerful as he possibly could. He needed to cut down the seemingly unkillable Lei Shan, which would give them the oppor tunity to truly escape;"And now, only after pushing his own strength to the extreme could he be certain of smashing that seemingly unkillable Lei Shan to death. Once he kills him, Bai Xiaochun can escape completely without anyone in pursuit."
Gemini;"气海老祖，你我之间其实并没有什么大的矛盾，完全可以和平共处";Qi Sea Ancestor, we do not have a huge grudge between us, we can coexist in peace;"Qihai Ancestor, there is actually no major conflict between you and me; we can perfectly well coexist in peace."
Gemini;"若非方源不想在炎煌雷泽仙僵面前，暴露了定仙游和自己的身份，他早就赶到了";If not for the fact that Fang Yuan did not want to expose Fixed Immortal Travel and his identity in front of the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, he would have arrived long ago;"If not for the fact that Fang Yuan did not want to expose Fixed Immortal Travel and his own identity in front of Yan Huang Lei Ze Immortal Zombie, he would have arrived long ago."
Gemini;"常山yīn的过去，早已经成为一个关于英雄的传说，在北原大地上广为流传";Chang Shan Yin's past was a heroic tale, it was widely spread in northern plains;"Chang Shan Yin's past had long since become a legend of a hero, widely circulated across the Northern Plains."
Gemini;"我全身发抖，冷得很";I was shaking all over, I was very cold.;"My whole body is trembling; I am very cold."
Gemini;"这就是将来，巨阳仙尊血道有成之后，可以吞并长生天，使得自身实力实现恐怖暴涨";In the future, after Giant Sun I mmortal Venerable’sblood path cultivation reach ac ertain level, he could annex Longevity Heaven to raise his strength to at errifying level;"This is the future, where once Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's Blood Path is successful, he can annex Longevity Heaven, causing his own strength to explode terrifyingly."
Gemini;"元始仙尊的复活之法，方源知晓其中一个";Fang Yuan knew one of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival methods;"Fang Yuan knows one of the methods for Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable's resurrection."
Gemini;"他们之前在大殿内也讨论过，彼此都非常为难，因为荣耀弟子的身份，太重要了，在这之前，给的都是战死之人，还从来没过活人，可如今白小纯居然活蹦乱跳的出现在自己面前 这让他们在刚刚知道这个消息时，一个个都愣了一下";That was one of the reasons why the discussion had been so difficult earlier. The position of Prestige disciple was extremely important, and had previously only been conferred upon people who had died in battle, never living disciples. And yet, here Bai Xiaochun was right in front of them, healthy and no worse for wear That was one reason why all of them had been so shocked to hear the news that he was alive;"They had discussed it before in the main hall and were each very conflicted because the status of an Honorary Disciple was too important. Before this, it had only been granted to those who had died in battle, never to a living person. But now, Bai Xiaochun had appeared before them alive and kicking, which left them all stunned when they first heard the news."
Gemini;"我去哪啊";Where am I supposed to go;"Where am I going?"
Gemini;"老毒物放蛇，真不要脸";The Old Poison dispatches his snakes! Really shameless;"Old Poisonous Thing releasing snakes—how truly shameless."
Gemini;"那也好，我宰了八人，再来助你";I will come and help you after I have massacred these eight. Precisely;"That is fine, I will slaughter these eight and then come to assist you."
Gemini;"但这个计划总会有完成的那一天，咱们不抓紧这次难得的机会怎么行";But this plan will eventually be completed, aren’t we grabbing onto this chance when it is available to us;"But this plan will always reach the day of completion; how can we not seize this rare opportunity?"
Gemini;"智道三元要素，分别是念、意、情";Wisdom path had three elements, thoughts, wills, and emotions;"The three essential elements of the Wisdom Path are: Thought, Will, and Emotion."
Gemini;"方源心中有明悟";Fang Yuan comprehended inwardly;"Fang Yuan had a realization in his heart."
Gemini;"他们是我的手下";Those are my men;"They are my subordinates."
Gemini;"想这些有什么用";What use is there in thinking about this;"What is the use of thinking about these things?"
Gemini;"这落魄谷中，居然有盗天真传";Luo Po valley actually has a Thieving Heaven true inheritance?;"In this Falling Sorrow Valley, there is actually Thieving Heaven's true inheritance."
Gemini;"在这过程中，不死皮，不死金刚，不死筋 也都全部恢复，甚至白小纯有种强烈的感觉，此刻的不死卷，与他之前所拥有的，不大一样";As it happened, his Undying Skin, Undying Heavenly King, and Undying Tendons all recovered completely. Furthermore, Bai Xiaochun could sense that this version of the Undying Codex was somehow different than what he had cultivated before;"In this process, Undying Skin, Undying Vajra, and Undying Tendons were all restored; Bai Xiaochun even had a strong feeling that the current Undying Scroll was not quite the same as the one he possessed before."
Gemini;"方源面色仍旧冷漠，就算是道歉，都是一脸高傲的样子";Fang Yuan had a cold expression, even when he apologized, he had an arrogant look;"Fang Yuan's expression remained cold; even when apologizing, he wore an arrogant look."
Gemini;"你居然一直在欺骗我们";You actually were deceiving us;"You have actually been deceiving us all along."
OpenAI;"算不尽仙友，你是智道蛊仙更当明白眼前的局势";Friend Suan Bu Jin, as a wisdom path Gu Immortal, you should be even more aware of the current situation;"You can't count on your immortal friends, you, as a Gu Immortal of the Wisdom Path, should understand the situation before you."
OpenAI;"立刻这上百药草形成的药液，骤然落下，在与这血湖碰触的瞬间，如同相互之间有强烈的排斥，直接爆发，燃烧成为黑色的火焰，覆盖整个血湖";As they flew through the air, they transformed into a medicinal liquid. When that entered the blood lake, a powerful expulsion force erupted out, and the burning caused a black smoke to rise up and fill the area;"Immediately, the medicinal liquid formed from hundreds of herbs suddenly fell, and at the moment of contact with the blood lake, it was as if there was a strong repulsion between them, directly exploding and igniting into black flames, covering the entire blood lake."
OpenAI;"对那些徒手肉搏者，这些堪比钢铁般坚硬的木刺，将会给他们留下深刻的印象";To those fighting barehanded, these thorns that were as sturdy as steel would leave a lasting impression on them;"For those who fight hand-to-hand, these wooden spikes as hard as steel will leave a deep impression on them."
OpenAI;"古月方想口中喃喃，捂住心口";Gu Yue Fang Xiang muttered, his hand over his heart;"Gu Yue was murmuring to herself, covering her heart."
OpenAI;"若是在平地之上，尺许小径又算得了甚么，可是这石梁下临深谷，别说行走，只望一眼也不免胆战心惊";If this stone bridge were laid on the ground, it would act just like a narrow alley, nothing to be afraid of, but under the stone bridge was a deep canyon. Just looking at it would cause the heart to tremble with fear, let alone walk across it;"If it were on flat ground, what would a small path of a foot count for? But under this stone bridge, facing the deep valley, let alone walking, just looking at it would make one feel terrified."
OpenAI;"虽然我并非黄金血脉。 参与王庭争霸，就是为了混迹到八十八角真阳楼中捞取好处";Although I am not of the Huang Jin bloodline, I participated in the fight for Imperial Court to get some benefits from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building;"Although I do not have a golden bloodline, participating in the royal court struggle is just to mix into the True Yang Tower of the Eighty-Eight Corners to reap benefits."
OpenAI;"反倒是北岸，此刻居然为上官天佑欢呼，这欢呼声让上官天佑心里别扭，他知道北岸不是因为自己，而是因为白小纯才对自己发出欢呼，也就是说，就算与白小纯对战的是一头猪，北岸也会为这头猪喝彩，这么一想，上官天佑心底对白小纯，更为不悦";The north bank, on the other hand, actually did start to cheer for Shangguan Tianyou. In response, Shangguan Tianyou frowned, aware that they weren't really cheering for him, but against Bai Xiaochun. The north bank would cheer for any oppon ent of Bai Xiaochun’s, even if it were a pig. The thought left Shangguan Tianyou even more displeased than before;"Instead, the northern shore is actually cheering for Shangguan Tianyou at this moment. This cheer made Shangguan Tianyou feel uncomfortable; he knew the northern shore was not cheering for him, but for Bai Xiaochun. In other words, even if a pig were fighting against Bai Xiaochun, the northern shore would still cheer for that pig. Thinking of this, Shangguan Tianyou felt even more displeased with Bai Xiaochun in his heart."
OpenAI;"在仙元方面，巨阳仙尊应当占据优势。 在炼蛊方面，是方源占据优势";In terms of immortal essence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable should have an advantage, in terms of Gu refinement, Fang Yuan has the advantage;"In terms of immortal essence, the Giant Sun Immortal Venerable should have the advantage. In terms of refining Gu, Fang Yuan has the advantage."
OpenAI;"那么对不起得很，两柄剑都到了做哥哥的家里啦";Then I am really very sorry, for both daggers would belong to my family then;"I'm very sorry, but both swords have arrived at the elder brother's home."
OpenAI;"方源，你怎么也想不到，会有今天吧";Fang Yuan, you had never in your wildest imagination, expect this day to occur right;"Fang Yuan, you never expected today would come, did you?"
OpenAI;"提到弟弟丁言。 丁齐满脸悲伤愤怒";Mentioning his brother, Ding Qi was extremely angry and upset;"Speaking of his younger brother Ding Yan, Ding Qi's face was filled with sadness and anger."
OpenAI;"黄蓉道";Huang Rong said;"Huang Rong said."
OpenAI;"大小姐，你不妨将此事交给我处理，我来找她谈，付出一些代价也无妨";Missy, leave this to me, I will negotiate with her, it is okay if we pay a small price;"Miss, you might as well leave this matter to me to handle. I will talk to her, and it's fine to pay some price."
OpenAI;"现在还不是换取变化道仙蛊方，炼制变化道的其他仙蛊的时候";Now was not the time to exchange them for transformation path Immortal Gu recipes, or the time to refine transformation path Immortal Gu;"Now is not the time to exchange for the Transformation Path Immortal Gu, nor to refine other Immortal Gu of the Transformation Path."
OpenAI;"苏秦背剑";Reviving Qin Behind the Sword;"Su Qin carried the sword on his back."
OpenAI;"轰的一声，他就与前方的元妖子与通天道人，直接撞在了一起，元妖子喷出鲜血，通天道人一样鲜血狂喷，二人倒退时，噬灵上人与广目天尊，哪怕有些迟疑，可还是前行阻拦，与白小纯再次碰触";A boom could be heard as he slammed into Prince Ur-Demon and Daoist Heavenspan. Blood sprayed out of both of their mouths as they were sent tumbling to the side. As for Reverend Devourer and Celestial Virūpākṣa, although they were still leery about the situation, they still tried to block Bai Xiaochun’s path;"With a loud bang, he collided directly with the Yuan Yaozi and the Tongtian Daoist ahead, causing Yuan Yaozi to spurt blood and the Tongtian Daoist to also spout blood wildly. As the two retreated, the Soul Devouring Upper and the Guangmu Tianzun, though somewhat hesitant, still moved forward to block and came into contact with Bai Xiaochun again."
OpenAI;"其中一个手段，是关于命牌蛊、魂灯蛊";One of the methods was about life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu;"One of the methods is related to the Life Plate Gu and the Soul Lamp Gu."
OpenAI;"他最后说，我十分伤心，跟着你来的日子也不远了";He finally said that his grief was so deep that the day he would follow her to the grave would not be far away;"He finally said, I am very sad, the days of following you are not far away."
OpenAI;"刚想到这里，陆畏因眼前忽然一黑";While thinking of this, Lu Wei Yin’s vision suddenly turned dark;"Just as he thought of this, Lu Wei suddenly saw everything go black before his eyes."
OpenAI;"欧阳锋道";Hong Qigong said;"Ouyang Feng said."
OpenAI;"一灯道";Yideng said;"One Lamp Path."
OpenAI;"大部分风刃则成功地绕过水莲，在后方重新汇聚，形成一个稍小的纠风，仍旧向那头荒级虚兽撞去";But most of the wind blades dodged the water lotus and gathered together again, forming a smaller entangled wind, and charging towards the desolate level phantom beast;"Most of the wind blades successfully bypassed the water lotus, regrouping behind to form a slightly smaller vortex, still crashing towards that wild-level virtual beast."
OpenAI;"嘴巴张得老大，露出一嘴齐整的牙齿，牙关紧闭";The mouths opened up with jaws clenched, revealing a set of even teeth;"His mouth was wide open, revealing a full set of neat teeth, his jaw tightly closed."
OpenAI;"伊上帝之降命，何修短之难哉";Why did God make someone is life so short;"By the decree of the God of Yi, what difficulty is there in life and death?"
OpenAI;"东方长凡点点头";Dong Fang Chang Fan nodded;"Dongfang Changfan nodded slightly."
OpenAI;"倒是真不错";He is truly a good choice;"It is indeed not bad."
OpenAI;"泰琴拼尽全力，不惜施展损害自己的手段，终于将王蚁收服";Tai Qin gave it her all and used methods that carried backlash to herself but finally subdued the ant queen;"Taiqin exerted all her strength, not hesitating to use methods that harmed herself, and finally subdued the king ant."
OpenAI;"柯镇恶听了两人对答，知道郭靖懂得谦抑，心下也自喜欢";Ke Zhen E was delighted listening to their conversation. He was proud that Guo Jing was well-behaved;"Ke Zhen'e listened to the two's exchange and knew that Guo Jing understood humility, which made him feel pleased in his heart."
OpenAI;"但此茶却是个例外，要一口气喝掉";ut this tea was different, one had to gulp it in one mouthful;"But this tea is an exception; it must be drunk in one go."
OpenAI;"领队的武官叫道";The leader shouted in response;"The leading military officer shouted."
OpenAI;"而现在，他只有将自身强悍到了极致后，才有把握，将那看似打不死的雷山，直接轰杀，一旦将其轰杀，白小纯就可以在无人追击中，彻底逃遁出去";Right now, Bai Xiaochun knew that he had to become as powerful as he possibly could. He needed to cut down the seemingly unkillable Lei Shan, which would give them the oppor tunity to truly escape;"And now, he can only be sure that after he has strengthened himself to the extreme, he can directly kill that seemingly indestructible Thunder Mountain. Once he kills it, Bai Xiaochun can escape completely without being pursued."
OpenAI;"气海老祖，你我之间其实并没有什么大的矛盾，完全可以和平共处";Qi Sea Ancestor, we do not have a huge grudge between us, we can coexist in peace;"Qi Hai Old Ancestor, there is actually no major conflict between you and me; we can completely coexist peacefully."
OpenAI;"若非方源不想在炎煌雷泽仙僵面前，暴露了定仙游和自己的身份，他早就赶到了";If not for the fact that Fang Yuan did not want to expose Fixed Immortal Travel and his identity in front of the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, he would have arrived long ago;"If it weren't for Fang Yuan not wanting to expose the identity of the Immortal Wanderer and himself in front of the Yan Huang Thunder Marsh Immortal Zombie, he would have arrived long ago."
OpenAI;"常山yīn的过去，早已经成为一个关于英雄的传说，在北原大地上广为流传";Chang Shan Yin's past was a heroic tale, it was widely spread in northern plains;"The past of Changshan Yin has long become a legend about heroes, widely spread across the Northern Plains."
OpenAI;"我全身发抖，冷得很";I was shaking all over, I was very cold.;"I trembled all over, feeling very cold."
OpenAI;"这就是将来，巨阳仙尊血道有成之后，可以吞并长生天，使得自身实力实现恐怖暴涨";In the future, after Giant Sun I mmortal Venerable’sblood path cultivation reach ac ertain level, he could annex Longevity Heaven to raise his strength to at errifying level;"This is the future, after the Giant Sun Immortal Venerable achieves success in the Blood Path, he can devour the Eternal Heaven, causing his own strength to achieve a terrifying surge."
OpenAI;"元始仙尊的复活之法，方源知晓其中一个";Fang Yuan knew one of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival methods;"Fang Yuan knows one of the methods for the resurrection of the Primordial Immortal Venerable."
OpenAI;"他们之前在大殿内也讨论过，彼此都非常为难，因为荣耀弟子的身份，太重要了，在这之前，给的都是战死之人，还从来没过活人，可如今白小纯居然活蹦乱跳的出现在自己面前 这让他们在刚刚知道这个消息时，一个个都愣了一下";That was one of the reasons why the discussion had been so difficult earlier. The position of Prestige disciple was extremely important, and had previously only been conferred upon people who had died in battle, never living disciples. And yet, here Bai Xiaochun was right in front of them, healthy and no worse for wear That was one reason why all of them had been so shocked to hear the news that he was alive;"They had previously discussed this in the main hall, and each felt very troubled because the identity of the honored disciple was too important. Before this, they had only given the names of those who died in battle, and never a living person. But now Bai Xiaochun unexpectedly appeared alive and kicking in front of them, which left them all stunned when they first learned this news."
OpenAI;"我去哪啊";Where am I supposed to go;"Where am I going?"
OpenAI;"老毒物放蛇，真不要脸";The Old Poison dispatches his snakes! Really shameless;"Old Poisonous Thing releasing snakes, really shameless."
OpenAI;"那也好，我宰了八人，再来助你";I will come and help you after I have massacred these eight. Precisely;"That's fine, I will kill eight people, then come to assist you."
OpenAI;"但这个计划总会有完成的那一天，咱们不抓紧这次难得的机会怎么行";But this plan will eventually be completed, aren’t we grabbing onto this chance when it is available to us;"But this plan will eventually have a day of completion; how can we not seize this rare opportunity?"
OpenAI;"智道三元要素，分别是念、意、情";Wisdom path had three elements, thoughts, wills, and emotions;"The three elements of the Wisdom Path are thought, intention, and emotion."
OpenAI;"方源心中有明悟";Fang Yuan comprehended inwardly;"Fang Yuan had a moment of clarity in his heart."
OpenAI;"他们是我的手下";Those are my men;"They are my subordinates."
OpenAI;"想这些有什么用";What use is there in thinking about this;"What use is there in thinking about these things?"
OpenAI;"这落魄谷中，居然有盗天真传";Luo Po valley actually has a Thieving Heaven true inheritance?;"In this desolate valley, there is actually a true transmission of the Heaven Stealing."
OpenAI;"在这过程中，不死皮，不死金刚，不死筋 也都全部恢复，甚至白小纯有种强烈的感觉，此刻的不死卷，与他之前所拥有的，不大一样";As it happened, his Undying Skin, Undying Heavenly King, and Undying Tendons all recovered completely. Furthermore, Bai Xiaochun could sense that this version of the Undying Codex was somehow different than what he had cultivated before;"During this process, the Undying Skin, Undying Diamond, and Undying Tendon all fully recovered, and even Bai Xiaochun had a strong feeling that the current Undying Scroll was quite different from what he had before."
OpenAI;"方源面色仍旧冷漠，就算是道歉，都是一脸高傲的样子";Fang Yuan had a cold expression, even when he apologized, he had an arrogant look;"Fang Yuan's expression remained indifferent; even when apologizing, he still looked proud."
OpenAI;"你居然一直在欺骗我们";You actually were deceiving us;"You have been deceiving us all along."
Claude;"算不尽仙友，你是智道蛊仙更当明白眼前的局势";Friend Suan Bu Jin, as a wisdom path Gu Immortal, you should be even more aware of the current situation;"Immortal friend, you cannot calculate everything — as a Wisdom Dao Gu Immortal, you should understand the situation before you even more clearly."
Claude;"立刻这上百药草形成的药液，骤然落下，在与这血湖碰触的瞬间，如同相互之间有强烈的排斥，直接爆发，燃烧成为黑色的火焰，覆盖整个血湖";As they flew through the air, they transformed into a medicinal liquid. When that entered the blood lake, a powerful expulsion force erupted out, and the burning caused a black smoke to rise up and fill the area;"Immediately, the medicinal liquid formed from over a hundred herbs suddenly fell, and the instant it made contact with the blood lake, as if there were a fierce mutual repulsion between them, it directly erupted, burning into black flames that covered the entire blood lake."
Claude;"对那些徒手肉搏者，这些堪比钢铁般坚硬的木刺，将会给他们留下深刻的印象";To those fighting barehanded, these thorns that were as sturdy as steel would leave a lasting impression on them;"For those who fight bare-handed, these wooden spikes, as hard as steel, will leave a deep impression on them."
Claude;"古月方想口中喃喃，捂住心口";Gu Yue Fang Xiang muttered, his hand over his heart;"Gu Yuefang muttered under his breath, clutching his chest."
Claude;"若是在平地之上，尺许小径又算得了甚么，可是这石梁下临深谷，别说行走，只望一眼也不免胆战心惊";If this stone bridge were laid on the ground, it would act just like a narrow alley, nothing to be afraid of, but under the stone bridge was a deep canyon. Just looking at it would cause the heart to tremble with fear, let alone walk across it;"On flat ground, a narrow path of a foot or so would be nothing to speak of, but this stone beam hung over a deep gorge below — not only was walking across it difficult, even a single glance downward was enough to make one's heart tremble with fear."
Claude;"虽然我并非黄金血脉。 参与王庭争霸，就是为了混迹到八十八角真阳楼中捞取好处";Although I am not of the Huang Jin bloodline, I participated in the fight for Imperial Court to get some benefits from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building;"Although I do not possess the Golden Bloodline, I participated in the Royal Court's struggle for supremacy precisely to blend into the Eighty-Eight-Cornered True Yang Tower and reap its benefits."
Claude;"反倒是北岸，此刻居然为上官天佑欢呼，这欢呼声让上官天佑心里别扭，他知道北岸不是因为自己，而是因为白小纯才对自己发出欢呼，也就是说，就算与白小纯对战的是一头猪，北岸也会为这头猪喝彩，这么一想，上官天佑心底对白小纯，更为不悦";The north bank, on the other hand, actually did start to cheer for Shangguan Tianyou. In response, Shangguan Tianyou frowned, aware that they weren't really cheering for him, but against Bai Xiaochun. The north bank would cheer for any oppon ent of Bai Xiaochun’s, even if it were a pig. The thought left Shangguan Tianyou even more displeased than before;"On the contrary, the North Bank was at this moment actually cheering for Shangguan Tianyou, and this cheering made Shangguan Tianyou feel deeply uncomfortable. He knew that the North Bank was not cheering for him, but for Bai Xiaochun — in other words, even if it had been a pig fighting against Bai Xiaochun, the North Bank would have cheered for that pig. Thinking of it this way, Shangguan Tianyou felt even more displeasure toward Bai Xiaochun in his heart."
Claude;"在仙元方面，巨阳仙尊应当占据优势。 在炼蛊方面，是方源占据优势";In terms of immortal essence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable should have an advantage, in terms of Gu refinement, Fang Yuan has the advantage;"In terms of immortal essence, Juyang Immortal Venerable should hold the advantage. In terms of Gu refinement, Fang Yuan holds the advantage."
Claude;"那么对不起得很，两柄剑都到了做哥哥的家里啦";Then I am really very sorry, for both daggers would belong to my family then;"Then I'm very sorry, but both swords have ended up in your elder brother's home."
Claude;"方源，你怎么也想不到，会有今天吧";Fang Yuan, you had never in your wildest imagination, expect this day to occur right;"Fang Yuan, you never could have imagined that this day would come."
Claude;"提到弟弟丁言。 丁齐满脸悲伤愤怒";Mentioning his brother, Ding Qi was extremely angry and upset;"At the mention of his younger brother Ding Yan, Ding Qi's face was filled with grief and fury."
Claude;"黄蓉道";Huang Rong said;"Huang Rong said."
Claude;"大小姐，你不妨将此事交给我处理，我来找她谈，付出一些代价也无妨";Missy, leave this to me, I will negotiate with her, it is okay if we pay a small price;"Young Miss, you may as well leave this matter to me to handle. I will go speak with her — paying some price is of no consequence."
Claude;"现在还不是换取变化道仙蛊方，炼制变化道的其他仙蛊的时候";Now was not the time to exchange them for transformation path Immortal Gu recipes, or the time to refine transformation path Immortal Gu;"Now is not yet the time to exchange for the Wisdom Dao Immortal Gu recipe and refine other Wisdom Dao Immortal Gu."
Claude;"苏秦背剑";Reviving Qin Behind the Sword;"Su Qin carried his sword on his back."
Claude;"轰的一声，他就与前方的元妖子与通天道人，直接撞在了一起，元妖子喷出鲜血，通天道人一样鲜血狂喷，二人倒退时，噬灵上人与广目天尊，哪怕有些迟疑，可还是前行阻拦，与白小纯再次碰触";A boom could be heard as he slammed into Prince Ur-Demon and Daoist Heavenspan. Blood sprayed out of both of their mouths as they were sent tumbling to the side. As for Reverend Devourer and Celestial Virūpākṣa, although they were still leery about the situation, they still tried to block Bai Xiaochun’s path;"With a thunderous boom, he crashed directly into Yuan Yaozi and Tongtian Daoist ahead of him. Yuan Yaozi spat out a mouthful of blood, and Tongtian Daoist likewise sprayed blood wildly. As the two of them staggered backward, Shi Ling Shangren and Guangmu Heavenly Venerable, though somewhat hesitant, still stepped forward to block him and collided with Bai Xiaochun once again."
Claude;"其中一个手段，是关于命牌蛊、魂灯蛊";One of the methods was about life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu;"One of the methods concerns the Life Tablet Gu and the Soul Lamp Gu."
Claude;"他最后说，我十分伤心，跟着你来的日子也不远了";He finally said that his grief was so deep that the day he would follow her to the grave would not be far away;"In his final words, he said: I am deeply grieved — the day I follow after you is not far off."
Claude;"刚想到这里，陆畏因眼前忽然一黑";While thinking of this, Lu Wei Yin’s vision suddenly turned dark;"Just as that thought crossed his mind, Lu Weiyin's vision suddenly went black."
Claude;"欧阳锋道";Hong Qigong said;"Ouyang Feng said."
Claude;"一灯道";Yideng said;"Yideng said."
Claude;"大部分风刃则成功地绕过水莲，在后方重新汇聚，形成一个稍小的纠风，仍旧向那头荒级虚兽撞去";But most of the wind blades dodged the water lotus and gathered together again, forming a smaller entangled wind, and charging towards the desolate level phantom beast;"The majority of the wind blades successfully swept around Shui Lian and regrouped behind her, forming a slightly smaller wind vortex that still hurtled toward that Wasteland-rank Void Beast."
Claude;"嘴巴张得老大，露出一嘴齐整的牙齿，牙关紧闭";The mouths opened up with jaws clenched, revealing a set of even teeth;"His mouth was opened wide, revealing a full set of even teeth, his jaw clenched tight."
Claude;"伊上帝之降命，何修短之难哉";Why did God make someone is life so short;"When the Lord God sends down His decree of fate, how difficult can it be to determine the length of one's life?"
Claude;"东方长凡点点头";Dong Fang Chang Fan nodded;"Dongfang Changfan nodded."
Claude;"倒是真不错";He is truly a good choice;"That is truly not bad."
Claude;"泰琴拼尽全力，不惜施展损害自己的手段，终于将王蚁收服";Tai Qin gave it her all and used methods that carried backlash to herself but finally subdued the ant queen;"Tai Qin gave everything he had, resorting to methods that harmed himself, and finally subdued the King Ant."
Claude;"柯镇恶听了两人对答，知道郭靖懂得谦抑，心下也自喜欢";Ke Zhen E was delighted listening to their conversation. He was proud that Guo Jing was well-behaved;"Ke Zhen'e listened to the exchange between the two and, knowing that Guo Jing understood the virtue of humility, felt pleased in his heart."
Claude;"但此茶却是个例外，要一口气喝掉";ut this tea was different, one had to gulp it in one mouthful;"But this tea is an exception — it must be drunk in a single breath."
Claude;"领队的武官叫道";The leader shouted in response;"The military officer leading the group called out."
Claude;"而现在，他只有将自身强悍到了极致后，才有把握，将那看似打不死的雷山，直接轰杀，一旦将其轰杀，白小纯就可以在无人追击中，彻底逃遁出去";Right now, Bai Xiaochun knew that he had to become as powerful as he possibly could. He needed to cut down the seemingly unkillable Lei Shan, which would give them the oppor tunity to truly escape;"And now, only after pushing his own strength to the absolute limit would he have the confidence to directly blast and kill that seemingly unkillable Lei Shan. Once Lei Shan was slain, Bai Xiaochun could escape completely without anyone in pursuit."
Claude;"气海老祖，你我之间其实并没有什么大的矛盾，完全可以和平共处";Qi Sea Ancestor, we do not have a huge grudge between us, we can coexist in peace;"Ancestor of the Qi Sea, there is actually no great conflict between you and me — we can coexist peacefully."
Claude;"若非方源不想在炎煌雷泽仙僵面前，暴露了定仙游和自己的身份，他早就赶到了";If not for the fact that Fang Yuan did not want to expose Fixed Immortal Travel and his identity in front of the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, he would have arrived long ago;"Had Fang Yuan not been unwilling to expose Ding Xianyou's and his own identity before the Yanhuang Thunder Marsh Immortal Corpse, he would have arrived long ago."
Claude;"常山yīn的过去，早已经成为一个关于英雄的传说，在北原大地上广为流传";Chang Shan Yin's past was a heroic tale, it was widely spread in northern plains;"The past of Changshan Yin had long since become a legend of a hero, widely spread across the land of the Northern Plains."
Claude;"我全身发抖，冷得很";I was shaking all over, I was very cold.;"My whole body is trembling — I am very cold."
Claude;"这就是将来，巨阳仙尊血道有成之后，可以吞并长生天，使得自身实力实现恐怖暴涨";In the future, after Giant Sun I mmortal Venerable’sblood path cultivation reach ac ertain level, he could annex Longevity Heaven to raise his strength to at errifying level;"This is what will allow Juyang Immortal Venerable, once his Blood Dao reaches fruition in the future, to devour the Eternal Heaven and achieve a terrifying, explosive surge in his own power."
Claude;"元始仙尊的复活之法，方源知晓其中一个";Fang Yuan knew one of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival methods;"Fang Yuan knows one of the methods for reviving Primordial Immortal Venerable."
Claude;"他们之前在大殿内也讨论过，彼此都非常为难，因为荣耀弟子的身份，太重要了，在这之前，给的都是战死之人，还从来没过活人，可如今白小纯居然活蹦乱跳的出现在自己面前 这让他们在刚刚知道这个消息时，一个个都愣了一下";That was one of the reasons why the discussion had been so difficult earlier. The position of Prestige disciple was extremely important, and had previously only been conferred upon people who had died in battle, never living disciples. And yet, here Bai Xiaochun was right in front of them, healthy and no worse for wear That was one reason why all of them had been so shocked to hear the news that he was alive;"They had discussed this matter in the great hall before, and all of them found it extremely difficult, because the status of a Glory Disciple was far too important. Prior to this, it had only ever been granted to those who had died in battle — it had never been given to a living person. Yet now, Bai Xiaochun had appeared before them alive and kicking. When they had first learned of this news, each and every one of them had been momentarily stunned."
Claude;"我去哪啊";Where am I supposed to go;"Where am I supposed to go?"
Claude;"老毒物放蛇，真不要脸";The Old Poison dispatches his snakes! Really shameless;"The old venom-user releasing snakes — truly shameless."
Claude;"那也好，我宰了八人，再来助你";I will come and help you after I have massacred these eight. Precisely;"Very well then — I'll slaughter these eight first, then come to your aid."
Claude;"但这个计划总会有完成的那一天，咱们不抓紧这次难得的机会怎么行";But this plan will eventually be completed, aren’t we grabbing onto this chance when it is available to us;"But this plan will have its day of completion — how can we afford not to seize this rare opportunity?"
Claude;"智道三元要素，分别是念、意、情";Wisdom path had three elements, thoughts, wills, and emotions;"The three fundamental elements of the Wisdom Dao are: Thought, Intent, and Emotion."
Claude;"方源心中有明悟";Fang Yuan comprehended inwardly;"A flash of insight arose in Fang Yuan's heart."
Claude;"他们是我的手下";Those are my men;"They are my subordinates."
Claude;"想这些有什么用";What use is there in thinking about this;"What use is there in thinking about all this?"
Claude;"这落魄谷中，居然有盗天真传";Luo Po valley actually has a Thieving Heaven true inheritance?;"To think that within this Fallen Valley, there would actually be the true transmission of Stealing Heaven."
Claude;"在这过程中，不死皮，不死金刚，不死筋 也都全部恢复，甚至白小纯有种强烈的感觉，此刻的不死卷，与他之前所拥有的，不大一样";As it happened, his Undying Skin, Undying Heavenly King, and Undying Tendons all recovered completely. Furthermore, Bai Xiaochun could sense that this version of the Undying Codex was somehow different than what he had cultivated before;"Throughout this process, the Undying Skin, the Undying Diamond, and the Undying Sinew all fully recovered as well. Bai Xiaochun even had a strong feeling that the Undying Scroll he now possessed was not quite the same as the one he had owned before."
Claude;"方源面色仍旧冷漠，就算是道歉，都是一脸高傲的样子";Fang Yuan had a cold expression, even when he apologized, he had an arrogant look;"Fang Yuan's expression remained cold and indifferent — even when apologizing, he wore a face full of arrogance."
Claude;"你居然一直在欺骗我们";You actually were deceiving us;"You have actually been deceiving us all along."
